the boy laying face down on a skateboard is being pushed along the ground by another boy .
a boy in a blue top is jumping off some rocks in the woods .
A lady walking her dog through an obstacle course , while other people are in the background .
A white dog is watching a black dog jump on a lawn next to a pile of large rocks .
Two women in bathing suits climb rock piles by the ocean .
a child is laying in a bubble bath holding a yellow scrubbing brush up to his mouth as if singing into a microphone .
An ice skating park in winter , with many people .
Three boys and one girl in a muddy grass field .
The little boy in the green jacket is riding a skateboard on a ramp .
A woman wearing a long green dress and scarves on her head holding a pack of cigarettes and a carton of Winston cigarettes by a stone structure .
A laughing child is holding a water gun and getting sprayed with water .
A catcher in a black uniform on the ground with his glove upraised during a baseball game , while a man UN a white uniform keeps a foot on the base .
Black dog in the water shaking the water off of him .
A boy wearing jeans , standing on rocks in a river and throwing a stone .
A bicyclist is jumping a horizontal wooden structure with countryside in front of him .
A child dressed in purple clothing and a hat runs in splashing water while a man and a small boy walk nearby .
Two teenage girls hugging , one wearing a bicycle helmet , with cyclists in the background .
the black dog is running through the water with a red ball in its mouth .
A biker in protective gear is riding through a countryside with cliffs .
Child with Mohawk haircut holding mirror for woman putting on face paint .
The brown greyhound dog walks on green grass and looks through a fence .
The girl has red-hair and eyebrows , multi-piercings in her ear , and a tattoo on her back .
Someone is sitting on a wooden bench holding the picture of a face up in front of their own face .
A woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches .
A short girl in a white skirt , black boots , and a gray-green jacket carrying a red bag on the sidewalk .
A black dog runs in the grass , its tongue hanging out .
A boy in a red and white shirt kicks a large baseball while surrounded by people .
a brown dog jumping into a pool after a bloe ball .
A black dog has a dumbbell in his mouth looking at the person wearing blue .
Two dogs , both wearing collars , are playing with one another in the grass .
two people in red traditional Chinese garb are performing with sticks
A man is getting ready to throw a bowling ball in a bowling alley .
Two women are playing a racquet game on the beach .
a black and brown dog staring off into the distance at something
A three legged black and white dog running behind a brown dog with a red bandanna .
A group of children dressed for halloween stand in line with the exception of one girl .
A closeup of a man skateboarding in a skate park .
A man wearing a green jacket and hat is snowboarding .
Two little boys are driving past adults in their toy jeep .
Six children and two adults playing on or near a swing set .
Near a window and a chair , a young boy in a blue shirt holds something in his hand and smiles .
A woman in a blue jacket is riding a bicycle on a woodland path .
A little girl and boy play Frisbee together in a grassy area .
The black dog with a red collar is jumping through the water .
Two people jump up and down on a cliff overlooking a valley .
A guy on inline skates with a white hat is on a yellow rail .
A blond boy in a brown jacket sits on a tire swing .
A brown dog is shown standing in the water near a muddy beach .
The yellow dog is running next to a bush on a path in the grass .
There are two girls in the foreground of a group of people and they are both carrying shoulder bookbags .
A dog is standing in the fenced in field with a stick in his mouth .
An Asian girl makes a surprised face while wearing a shirt that says " Radio "
A tri-colored dog jumps and catches a pink frisbeen that a man in shorts has thrown .
The person has a striped shirt on and is holding on to a rope on a mountain .
The little girl in pink is standing in the doorway between the artwork on the walls .
a couple of people running on the shore near the beach .
Two young children wearing winter coats and hats are playing in the melting snow .
A boy wearing climbing gear climbs by a wooden pole .
In pool surrounded by plants , one smiling girl with a bucket splashes another girl .
Man is sitting in a blue chair outside near large paintings .
a brown dog is running in the ocean whilst carrying an orange object in its mouth .
A white and brown dog jumps on a white leather recliner chair .
A person using a brush to paint chinese characters on a vertical banner .
A cyclist is performing a jumping stunt in a skate and cycle park .
Man wearing pass on a lanyard and standing in a crowd of people .
A mountain biker is riding along a heavy dirt trail in a wooded area .
A black and white dog is running through the sand on a beach .
Cheerleader on top of a cheerleading pyramid , girls are looking up at her one is in the background doing the same cheer .
A man with sunglasses on his head is standing by signs for the Wharf and ferry terminal .
A little girl is playing a red recorder flute while another girl is playing a pink guitar .
A boy in a blue shirt and white helmet is riding a white bike .
A group of three dogs are walking through the snow .
A little girl climbing a ropes apparatus .
A little boy streches his body out with his stomach on the grass .
The man crouched down as he held onto the parachute that was caught in the breeze .
Four ferry boats are docked at a visitor 's center with passengers waiting to board .
A child is playing soccer with a blue and white soccer ball nearby onlookers .
a man dragging between two horses holding on to the horse on his right
Two brown and white dogs are next to each other with red toys in their mouths .
The large dog is walking outside , carrying a colorful toy in its mouth .
A brown dog wearing a chain collar is chewing on a large tire .
A black and white dog with a green collar stands in front of a sign .
A lady in red gloves on ski 's has four people behind her .
A black dog in a red collar splashing through the water .
A skateboarder doing a trick in front of a ramp with three people in the background .
The large brown dog is running through the grass to catch a red Frisbee .
A dog with yellow fur swims , neck deep , in water .
A dog with floppy ears runs on the grass , a fence behind it .
Two mostly white dogs are in the snow with a black and red dog .
Three kids squat down and look at the ground on the shore of a lake .
Three people stand looking in the direction of some mountains .
The man with a gray jacket and red sunglasses is holding cameras and standing in front of a car .
An old man with a blue shirt is looking askance with people behind him .
a lone man sitting on a ledge that overlooks the beach
A little girl is playing with a colorful toy in the ground .
two people being photographed from behind sitting on a bus
A little boy playing in the water while its raining and an adult while an adult holds his hand
Brown dog leaps over a chain suspended over a gravel road .
A man in a striped shirt tugging something away from a dog .
A man is encouraging a small white dog to stand on its hind legs in a dog show .
two fielder are defending the base as a member of the batting team slide towards it .
Two people walking on the street with lots of bare trees around and snow on the ground .
A little boy in a white long-sleeved t-shirt jumps on a trampoline .
A large black dog is playing in the ocean .
A man in a black jacket walks thorugh an Asian market .
The little boy in the yellow tunnel is wearing a yellow shirt .
A group of people are gathered to watch a man speak from a podium about Armenian genocide .
A little boy with an orange shirt is riding his blue and white toy car .
An man of African heritage is wearing a gray shirt and silver neck chain .
A gray dog beside a black and white dog running in green grass .
A girl in a swimming pool looks on while a boy in a mask jumps in from a diving board .
Two little girls in pink outfits play on a yellow and red playground .
A woman walks as she looks at her cellphone and others look on .
Young man on a trick bicycle jumps at the top of a graffiti covered ramp .
a large lake with a lone duck swimming in it with several people around the edge of it .
Crosscountry skiers are traveling towards the mountains at sunset .
a couple of dogs running through the water with trees in the background
A young girl is practicing volleyball in a grass field .
Brown and black dog with yellow object in mouth in the snow .
Group of people , from behind , seated in a line of desks by windows in library .
a man sitting on a motorcycle with a sunset directly behind him
A man dressed in denim is walking along a snow covered street next to red brick buildings .
Two men looking at each other with computer monitors in the foreground .
A man with facial hair poses along with two girls with a city landscape behind them .
The man is attempting a one-handed handstand in front of a building .
A large bird spreading his wings in flight over a body of water .
A brindle dog runs through a grassy yard
The girl is wearing silver shoes and a pink jacket .
Someone is playing hopscotch on a chalked out grid on the ground .
A golden dog is running across the grass chasing a white toy on the ground .
A skateboarder in black , brown , and white is grinding his skateboard along a low rail
A child dressed as a ninja is jumping through the air under a large tree .
The soccer player in the checked shirt is moving the ball pursued by the players on the other team .
A woman wearing a hood gives two peace signs while the man next to her claps and the woman behind her raises up her arms .
A long view of a curving railroad track with a group of people off in the distance .
A boy in dark pants and green t-shirt rides his bike up a ramp .
Two men in traditional Arab dress standing near a car wave at an SUV in the desert .
A person is standing in shallow water with a fishing net as the sun goes down .
A boy in a diaper jumps onto a bed with a striped covering and red pillow in a room with toys and a chair .
A child wearing gray shorts and pink-bottomed sneakers crawls through a window .
A brown dog is running into the ocean as it chases a purple Frisbee .
A boy wearing a black shirt and khaki pants is laying down , and is surrounded by stuffed animals .
A man runs on a field with the ball and a man in a striped shirt is on the ground .
Basketball player has fallen on the court while another grabs at the ball from out of frame .
The black and tan dog is laying down with the smaller dog jumps over his back .
The woman lacrosse player in blue is about to catch the ball .
A woman in an orange coat and jeans is squatting on a rock wall while a blond woman in a red jacket stands next to her on the wall checking her electronic device
A child slides into a wading pool full of water while an adult tosses a bucket of water on them .
There are several people watching a person in the air with skies surrounded by mountains and snow .
Two young women standing outside a blue door , one smoking a cigarette .
The children in the scene are in a petting zoo and are acting like a duck or chicken .
A woman wearing a gray t-shirt holds a child wearing a black shirt under a light blue smock .
The man is aiming to shoot something while his dog watches .
A woman wearing a blue coat walks and talks on her cellphone .
A hiker is sitting on the ground looking towards the snow covered mountains .
A baby in a red shirt is crying while an adult holding the baby mocks it .
A small dog going up concrete stairs near many plants .
The little girl wearing a pink hat is bending down to pick up a soccer ball .
A young boy catches a fish from a stream while a young girl helps .
A brown dog wearing a blue harness jumps over the grassy field .
Four men in red vests with crosses on them ski on a mountain .
The young man with black pants and a white t-shirt is riding along the top of the wall with his skateboard .
A girl is riding on a pony with a little girl and a woman standing beside the pony .
Two children riding tricycles are passing a pink banner .
Three dogs who are brown , white , and black ( respectively ) play with one another in a dirt field .
A little girl with inflatable armbands is jumping into the pool
A long-haired skateboarder is airborne above a set of cements steps and a metal Bannister .
Several people are gathered on the steps in front of a brick building .
A group of brides in white gowns hold red flowers on the side of a street .
A man in a red costume and woman in a bikini are passing a crowd of people .
Four young people with cold drinks stand on the sidewalk in front of cartoon cutouts of the Simpsons also holding cold drinks .
Two girls are hopping in burlap sacks across a field in front of a fence around a tennis court .
Player in blue and white uniform and player in gold and black uniform going after soccer ball .
A white dog with brown ears is running on the sidewalk .
A child floating on a blue raft while a woman holds on to him while a black dog swims nearby .
On the left , a hand points to a surprised looking woman with short hair sitting at a table in front of a window
A football team doing their stretches before the game starts .
A shirtless male looks to his right while water flows over him .
A woman is attempting to walk a tightrope with onlookers nearby a rocky shored lake reflecting sun .
A skier in a black top making a jump with a blue and white sign on pile of snow underneath .
A white dog rushes down a dirt path surrounded by grass and trees .
a man wearing a tank top loooking into a camera that 's on a tripod
A red-haired girl making a peace sign is wearing neon green glasses and floaties and playing in the pool with other kids .
A small dog with a soccer ball in its mouth walking on a dirt covered area .
A male bicyclist wearing a blue helmet is out for a ride in the outdoors .
Two black dogs are tugging at an orange toy that is between them .
A group dressed in wintery attire of people on a sidewalk in Washington D.C.
A black Labrador retriever in a grassy field returns with a white nubby cylinder in its mouth .
A man wearing a yellow shirt is doing a trick high in the air with his bike .
A stunt cyclist launches himself into midair over a ramp while other cyclists watch .
The dog is lying on a bed with torn paper nearby and a person watching nearby .
A young black child is wrapped in a white robe and standing in a bathroom doorway .
A person in a red shirt is standing , with arms raised , at the top of a mountain .
a tan dog jumping through the field with some barren trees in the background
a young girl with long brown hair holding a black and red striped stick .
A boy in a blue shirt is mountain biking on a track and catching air .
Brown dog and German shepherd standing near each other in the grass near water .
A batter playing cricket missed the ball and the person behind him is catching it .
a man in a red shirt at the top of a set of stairs with arena lights on in the background
A little girl with a hat sits between a woman 's feet in the sand in front of a pair of colorful tents .
A hockey player in a black and white uniform guarding the goal .
Snowboarder flies off of snowy jump , mountains in background .
A man in the store has purchased something and the cashier is handing him his bag .
A man with a blue sport hat and white sport jacket is staring with crowd nearby .
A little blond girl stands on a pink skateboard .
A snowboarder launches into the air over white snow
A man looks up at the cliff he is climbing near the beautiful blue ocean .
A child is leaping from one bed to another in the same room .
The little girl in the pink shirt is walking ahead of a man and woman on the side of the body of water
A man falls off a brick wall while still on his bike .
In this plaza , we see a green VW beetle , a white sports coupe and many people looking at the autos .
A fighter attempts to kick another fighter while the other fighter blocks his kick .
A man in a black and red jacket and helmet does a stunt on a motorbike .
An extreme bicyclist is performing a jump with his bicycle and rotating the bicycle while he is in the air .
Two people travel down a path going though a woods with a giant waterfall .
Gray horse wearing blue cover eating from a orange bucket held by a person in a green shirt .
Kids in bathing suits with water splashing around them .
A dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball in a grassy field .
A person in a black and red jacket walking up a snowy mountain .
A man dressed in blue holds a sign while standing behind a couple of trees and in front of a large concrete wall with red writing on it .
Person in pointed hat and face covered with green scarf poling boatload of stuff through water
A woman stands on a concrete block taking a picture of a group of people on a sidewalk beside the road .
Three dogs running in grass , one carrying a tennis ball in mouth .
A football player wearing a number 23 white jersey tackles a football player wearing a red , number three jersey while fans cheer .
A child in blue and yellow clothing is clinging to playground equipment with an adult nearby .
Little boy in a robe sits in a chair posing for the camera .
Three large dogs , one brown and the others black , tussle over a red toy in the grass outside a building .
a man is wearing a black hat and a brown scarf in a city street .
A large brown dog is lying in the sun on a big , green dog bed .
A person on a wakeboard is high above the water with a crane in the background
Three men stand on the beach , fully clothed .
The black and brown dog is rolling in the grass .
A toddler is sitting on a wooden horse and smiling .
The small girl in the red shirt pushes the little boy on the baby swing .
Two people smile underneath a large red flower and in front of a vine-covered wall .
A girl in red rides on her stomach in a playground swing above a sandy surface .
A brown and black dog and a white dog are wrestling on the carpet .
The man is skiing down the steep , snowy white mountain with clouds in the background .
A young boy wearing red Croc sandals climbs a tree with healthy , green leaves .
A young man and woman are walking along an outdoor market .
Four kids jumping on the street with a blue car in the back .
A spotted dog stands on his hind legs to catch a ball on the beach .
Baby sitting on floor and holding a game controller over its head .
Four people playing basketball on wooden area near the beach .
Two little girls are sitting in a sandpit next to a row of sand castles .
Three Asian women , one elderly , one a child and one an adult crossing a street .
a couple with a young child wrapped in a blanket sitting on a concrete step
A toddler boy in a red tank top and khaki shorts walks on the European street with a woman in a white top and faded blue jeans .
A boy wearing blue shorts is bouncing a basketball in front of the net .
The two boys in bright blue jeans stand at the water fountain .
The girl standing on the post by the water is having her picture taken by the man with the camera .
A racing dog takes flight while wearing a yellow and black jersey , and muzzle
A shiny black dog runs on the grass during a bright and sunny day .
Two young men , one smoking , walk past a large sign that uses orange stars to spell " HELL " .
Small boy reaching for blue bar in play area , another child in background .
A shirtless child in blue shorts holding up a window screen that has fallen out .
Person on a bicycle jumping high in the air over the sign that reads EASTPAK , others look up at him .
A young woman dressed in black and another with purple hair hold up signs offering free hugs .
The boy is jumping a skateboard down the steps , surrounded by graffiti covered walls .
A surfer in a black wetsuit catching a wave while another one tries to catch up with him .
A boy and three girls in blue school uniforms walk down a dirt-covered road .
A group of six men stand in a circle playing instruments in a wooded parking lot .
A little boy in shorts and sandals is sitting in the grass .
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses is holding hands with a woman wearing a red shirt outside .
Two girls are kicking each other in martial arts uniforms .
A little boy in a red outfit is jumping on a trampoline .
Two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant .
A little girl wearing a purple winter coat and sunglasses skiing in the snow .
A young man is running and performing a trick over a balance beam .
Two dogs , the gray poodle high in the air , play on the grass .
A scruffy looking man smoking while sitting on the sidewalk and holding a guitar next to a bike of some sort .
A group of young , naked children showering near large metal containers and a yellow bucket .
The attack dog is biting the cloth the officer with the police baton is holding on to
A man is helping a little boy learn how to ride a bicycle .
A boy in blue swimming trunks slides down a yellow slide into a wading pool with inflatable toys floating in the water .
A child in a red and black striped shirt plays with a yellow ball on a wooden deck .
A child is sitting in a green tote bag with only its eyes and hair poking out .
The kayaker braces himself as he goes down the river .
The two boys , one in orange the other in teal , wrestle in the sand .
A blond woman walks through shoulder-high pink tulips , in front of a green field with a small house and trees in the distance .
Three kayaks are out on the water with a mountain in the background .
A little girl with purple hat is riding a tricycle along paved road by some farmland .
Two children jumping in the sand on a beach , the sand is being kicked up and the water is bright blue .
A crowd gathered at an ice skating park in the winter .
The lady in red shorts jogs near a stop sign while listening to music .
The kid is showing off on his skateboard in front of a large crowd .
A child is performing a jump kick pose in midair over a red couch .
a young girl in a pick shirt swinging up in the air on a swing set
Four young kids have a picture taken of them while in midair .
A young boy slides down a blue slide with his eyes closed while a woman with sunglasses watches , smiling .
A young girl enjoys ice cream with two older women in a pier-like setting .
A dog wrapped with straps is walking away from a red tray holding a bag .
A girl wearing glasses is in a blue harness while rock climbing .
A brown dog swims back to shore after retrieving a yellow tennis ball .
A man in an orange kayak and a man in a blue kayak paddle around a beautiful lake .
Two dogs are running towards some long grass in the scrubland .
A black dog runs and , focusing on something .
An extreme mountain biker making a leap across rough terrain in the woods .
The surfer rides a blue board on a bright blue wave .
A boy with his mouth wide open dressed in a yellow life jacket and goggles in water with a man next to him .
A man wearing an oxford shirt , sunglasses , and a hat smirks .
A guy on a bike goes vertical near a ramp with a grassy , hilly terrain behind him .
A young male kneeling in front of a hockey goal with a hockey stick in his right hand .
A man wearing black shorts is standing in front of a snow covered mountain .
A woman with a shopping bag labeled " sale " stands in a crowd next to a young man with a camera .
Two dogs , a spaniel and a husky , chase each other across the sand by a body of water .
A man with a tattoo on one arm and an ear of corn in the other looks at a woman in a yellow shirt .
a dog wearing a yellow collar is bearing his teeth at another dog that is sitting by a tree .
A youth in red swim trunks jumps into the water from a wooden board .
The skateboarder is about to jump from a wooden bench .
A laughing little girl sits in a pile of leaves and tosses the leaves in the air .
A man in a blue shirt is performing a skateboarding trick near stiars while two other men watch .
A black lav runs into the water on the beach , with swimmers in the distance and sea kelp in the foreground .
A black and white dog is playing with a sheep in a field .
a child in an orange sweater is playing with a child in blue clothes on a white couch under a red painting .
A person in a red hat and shoes doing stunts on a red bike while a person in yellow watches .
A little girl is petting her white , fluffy cat .
An adult man is throwing a child into the air at a beach while another child watches .
A white Pug dog is biting and trying to pull a large stick out of some water .
Three people are standing at a fence looking at a skyscraper filled city while one looks through a binocular scope .
A band of cellos and violins playing in front of a crowd at The Market Gallery .
A rollerblader rides high in a full pipe while others watch
A black dog is running through a field of grass and dandilions .
A man with a beard and a navy blue backwards baseball cap stares intently at something in the distance .
A little boy wearing a white shirt and gray pants appears to be dancing .
A woman who is sitting in a field listening to music throws a frisbree for her brown dog .
A light brown dog jumps through a ring of fire while two people watch .
A small child rides down the sidewalk on a scooter in a neighborhood .
A group of women all dressed in red with yellow flower pins .
A black dog with white paws jumping from a bale of hay .
One basketball player in a white uniform jumps up to block another player in a blue uniform with the ball .
A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man 's back while he is laying on a blanket .
A girl in a white coat stands in the middle of a fountain and a boy in the background laughs .
A dog is running through a very wooded area with large white flowers .
A large black and white dog runs in the ocean water
Two men , one wearing a green shirt , the other wearing red are rollerblading .
Person in blue top and shorts wearing a cap standing on a road with mountain with trees in the background .
A child in a blue shirt sitting on a forest floor , looking through binoculars .
The woman is walking through the snow and trying to light a cigarette .
A man in a suit and top hat and a woman in a blue Victorian dress sitting outside at a table .
A dog wearing a green sweater and fanny pack walks on a snow-covered field .
A dog holding a stick running in the sand , chased by a gray dog .
A buy with glasses petting his bulldog , on the pavement with woods in the background .
A basketball player shooting while another player is trying to block his shot .
The number ten player on the white softball team gets tagged at base by a girl on the other team .
Boy wearing a green and white soccer uniform running through the grass .
a snowboarder wearing red is descending a snow covered mountain .
A blond-haired girl is doing a trick with her dog that is in the air trying to catch a flying Frisbee .
A little girl dressed in a pink shirt , blue shorts and a pink hair ribbon feeding ducks that are swimming in water .
A brown cow jumps near a black one as a dog herds them .
A woman with long black hair and a white shirt is running up the sand and tall weeds .
A boy smiles at the camera and jumps in the air over the couch .
A young girl wearing a blue bathing suit plays in the waves at the beach .
The man performs tricks on his skateboard in the skateboarding park .
a small brown puddle running through a grassy yard .
Blond girl with pink top smiling while wearing funny glasses with large nose .
A teenage boy in rides a hand-railing on a skateboard outside a columned brick building .
A woman in a black shirt and white headband stretches in the sunset .
A brown dog steadies himself on the rocky shore of the ocean , with several waves coming in .
two brown dogs playing around with each other in a house .
A man and little boy posing for a photo with a beautiful waterfall in the background .
A man riding a red motorbike near a large crowd of people by some tents .
A group of people sit around a table outside on a porch at night .
A person in a green jacket and yellow pants is on a snowboard coming down a roof into the snow .
A boy in blue swim trunks carries a blue bucket down a crowded beach .
A man is walking down a dirt road with a shop on his right .
A biker rider jumping high over a dirt hill and seems to be higher than an electric pole .
People transport multiple large trash bags on bicycles and in shopping carts .
Three children ride on a round swing while another watches from the grass .
A toddler boy in a sailor suit and a little girl run in the sand .
A pelican flies through the air in front of trees .
A little girl is eating cake and strawberries at a wooden table .
A small child in green clothing walks past a store opening and a woman in pink pants .
The man and woman are hugging and kissing near musicians performing .
Four young children dressed formally pose for a potrait with the two boys standing in front and the two girls smiling in the back .
A man dressed in military uniform sits down and looks through some papers .
A person is doing a trick on a bicycle with grass and sky as the background .
Older man in a nice outfit and tie does the splits on a wood floor .
The man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop .
Little boy with red shirt and gray shorts does a trick on a skateboard .
A person rides a bike off the top of a hill and is airborne .
A woman and a younger girl , both wearing blue jackets and knit caps , slide down a hill on a snow sled , a dog running at their side .
Two people looking at each other , a third person is not attentive .
Snowy mountainside with snow gear and poles in forefront .
A large woman with long pink hair dressed in black is laying on a tree trunk talking to a man who is crouched down next to her .
A boy with glasses on standing in the sand throws a yellow balloon in the air .
A group of brown dogs are standing on a road with 3 people .
A man in a white sports uniform tries to fend off another player in a black and yellow uniform while the ball floats in midair .
A boy wearing a white headband is kicking a soccer ball down the field .
A man in water throwing a little boy up in the air and waiting for him to come down so he can catch him .
Two women watching people in white shirts , one of those persons holding a sword .
A girl basketball player wearing blue is blocking another girl player wearing yellow .
A spotted dog , a black dog , and a puppy converging on a tennis ball .
A woman carrying a black and white dog on a sidewalk in front of parallel parked cars .
A boy in a red hooded-coat is riding a pool broom like a horse in an empty pool .
Four white dogs are running and jumping with masks over their mouth .
The large brown dog is running through the grass with a large stick in its mouth .
A girl in a pink shirt jumping from one couch to another in a well apportioned living room .
A little girl with blond-hair is smiling and sitting in a swing .
The person wearing shorts and a shirt is jumping off a dock , into the water .
A man with a long white beard is examining a camera and another man with a black shirt is in the background .
One man is climbing a rock wall , while another man , below , holds a rope .
A young boy wearing a blue shirt blows bubbles .
A teenage girl stands in a large industrial garage with two boys sitting in the background .
A boy is flying a kite and smiling at the camera .
A person in a plaid shirt riding a skateboard on a half-pipe .
A person with blue hair , a baseball cap , and a hood on stands outdoors in a crowd .
A woman wearing a pink sweater rides a bike with a car behind her .
The roller coaster is going through a twist , turning the people upside down .
A yellow and black dog looking in the same direction standing in some brush .
The man in the black suit is in the water on a white and red board with a sail .
A woman in a white swim cap teaches a toddler how to swim in a swimming pool .
Two brown dogs are playing with each other in the snow .
The two children , one with a scarf tied around their forehead , walk down a modeling runway .
Two women are operating a laptop connected to a camera in a parking lot with a third person standing by .
A wet brown dog is jumping into the air to try and catch a basketball with his mouth .
A man on an escalator carrying a red and white cup looking up .
A man is bouncing on a trampoline next to tall buildings and a church .
A small boy wearing glasses and a hat is looking at something and smiling .
Surfer wearing a wetsuit at the crest of a wave .
A small boy putting something in his mouth with both hands .
A young girl standing next to a yellow cat on a kitchen countertop .
A bare chested man with a fierce expression on his face squats on a skateboard beside a furry dog .
A black dog and a brown dog are playing rough on green grass .
Blond-haired girl in pink dress with blue striped hula-hoop swinging around her neck .
The dog with the green collar and ball is running behind the dog with the red collar
The black dog is wearing a red collar and is jumping into the water after a Frisbee .
The person is in a conoe and holding a paddle in front of some mountains .
The man in the red shirt and flowery tie is sitting on a bus by the window .
Two children in pink shirts in front of a store with a bear on the sign and on the window .
A wakeboarder performs a flip while being towed at high speed .
A girl runs through an obstacle course outside as some boys watch .
A white dog in a red collar biting an orange tabby cat on a bed .
children looking through magazines they have folded into tubes
Two religious men glancing off to their right while standing in front of a church .
Group of asian children dressed in white shirts and hats performing with a crowd looking on .
The man in the brown jacket is sitting on the ground by the jetty .
A boy and a girl are bending under a fence to look over a ledge .
The two children are in the bed with comic books .
Surfer in black wetsuit falling off his board into the water .
A woman in a black sweatshirt is walking on a dock with a wet dog .
A short black dog is walking over a barren landscape .
A man with something orange on his helmet riding a bike in a busy setting .
A group of men and some camels are in front of some water .
One boy in orange shorts standing on a rock cliff over water , while the other boy in black shorts jumps off into the water .
Man is standing next to the railing with beautiful clouds in the background .
A black and white dog with a chunk of snow it its mouth while walking on a snowy surface .
An Asian boy and an Asian girl are running through a field of tulips .
Two black dogs run through the snow with a red toy in one dog 's mouth .
a man wearing a green canvas hat with a distnat city in the background
Three boys are standing in a row along an upraised wall and rail , each a level higher than the one before .
The lady in the multicolored shirt has a necklace on a white object in her hand .
A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street .
One man holding a post and another man and woman waiting to cross the street looking to their left .
People dressed in colorful Mardis Gras outfits pose very suggestively for the camera .
A man wearing a large backpack is sitting in the grass near a lake .
A teenage boy wearing all black tries to look tough with cheap jewelry on .
A surfer flips his board so it is perpendicular to the ocean .
The large white bird 's reflection shows in the water .
A young boy is wearing khaki pants and a black long-sleeve shirt .
Two women , one with a head bandanna , are standing next to each other while one holds a bottle .
A woman in a dance costume is bending over backward and holding a sword .
A smiling young girl wearing a swimsuit is soaking in a tub of water .
Three puppies laying on a couch with a bottle of milk , one with its mouth wide open .
A man in blue jeans is sitting on the shoulders of another person as he interacts with a woman performer on stage at a concert .
A person in a red vest is touching the blue ice skates on another person .
A young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house
A woman wearing a light blue coat looks to the left while a man looks to the right .
A motocross bike is jumping through the air over a dirt track .
The furry brown and white dog is jumping around near a door .
Two people stand out on the beach and hold long sticks that have flames on each end .
A girl wearing a brown jacket and blue jeans has on some white headphones and is walking .
A man is riding his bicycle up in the air off of a ramp .
Two boys are swimming underwater in a pool and a girl is swimming in the background .
The black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted .
A bus is carrying people while decorated with banners in the colors of the rainbow .
A teenage boy with a white headband looking right , a crowd in the background .
A woman holds onto a blow-up raft as it is pulled over the water .
A blue rally car pulls away from the spectators watching from the side of the track .
Two dogs are running around in a fenced in area .
The woman in a red jacket is talking to a man outside of a store .
A bald eagle sits on the bank of a creek .
The tennis player in the blue shirt is holding his racquet up in the air .
A group of people gather with only their legs showing and one of them is holding a cigarette .
Several dogs are running down a cement and dirt path , with two brown ones in the lead .
A town at the foothills of a mountain is seen bustling with typical daytime activity .
Four women dressed in costume , one with a pink wig , look to the left .
An adult is attending to child on a crowded path surrounding a body of water .
A rocking climbing mountain inside a building .
Three children in jackets looking at water 's edge looking at their reflections in a lake
A team paddles their long boat through the water with trees behind .
a crowd of people are at a fair in front of booth where giant teddy bears can be won .
An elderly man and woman are sitting on lawn chairs holding onto the leash of a brown dog .
A little boy in blue jeans climbs a small incline in the woods and turns around to smile .
A woman in a plaid skirt is playing a violin in a park-like setting with other band members .
Two little dogs are lying on the green grass and a larger dog looks down on them .
A brown dog is staring into the distance while standing on dry grass .
A woman rides a bike over a dirt path through the long grass .
A man and a woman look at pictures on a machine marked " other people 's photographs . "
A young girl in a red top is running through a grassy area with large buildings in the background .
Football player in white and purple uniform with legs being tackled by player in red and white uniform .
A person on a bicycle rides down the city sidewalk at night .
People are standing on a railway platform reading newspapers .
A blond-haired toddler is holding a soft red and yellow soccer ball .
A black and white dog with a spotted face is running through a dirt field .
A girl with a toboggan and sunglasses smiles with her friend in the background as they do crafts .
A crowd of people are sitting in seats in a sports ground bleachers .
A white dog wearing a red tag with brown on the left side of its face is jumping into the water .
Small girl in a teal dress on the arm of a chair reaching for a floor lamp .
A woman with a red scarf covering her head walks with her cat on snow-covered ground .
An old man with a large belly is next to a filled shopping cart and a dog on the street .
A man in a crowd holds a sign that says " Those who blame Israel are hypocrites . "
Two boys , one with a yellow and orange ball , play in some water in front of a field .
A boy in a black helmet and red long-sleeve shirt rides his motorbike over a rocky stream .
Large St Bernard dog wearing red collar galloping through the snow .
A man on an orange bike jumps in the air with the city line behind him .
An infant is crawling on a wood floor , with a water bottle laying nearby .
Three people are doing ballet exercises in extravagant costumes .
Man wearing hat and t-shirt with " Genetic Freak " sleeping on public transportation .
Three young men lean on the front of a Toyota truck .
Two men wear funny looking black suits while climbing a mountain on a clear sunny day .
A shirtless young man punches snow as if he was selling perfume .
A girl on a bike is wearing a backpack and a helmet , and riding through a wooded area .
A girl holds her iced drink in her gloved-hand with a look of concentration on her face .
A multicolored dog runs around obstacles on a course .
A woman in a red jacket stands on the beach facing the water as it covers her feet .
A brown dog wearing an orange collar leaping to catch a bright colored ball .
A man with a beard sleeps in a chair , computer banks behind him .
An elderly woman in burgundy scratches her face as she observes a young man in a blue jacket and white baseball cap .
A man in black pants climbing a rock wall .
A woman in a headscarf sits near children in a box decorated with flowers and balloons .
The middle eastern woman wearing the pink headscarf is walking beside a woman in a purple headscarf .
A group of people stands talking to each other , while one girl in the group holds a bicycle .
A half naked man pushes against the trunk of a fig tree .
One brown dog is bearing its teeth at another brown dog with a green collar in a park .
A soccer player in red being tackled by a soccer player in green .
a black dog is running across a grassy field in front of some bushes .
Girls playing softball as one girl runs to a base and second girl reaches out her glove .
A plane and a helicopter in the sky , with houses seen underneath and people sitting .
Four people rollerskating with spectators in the background .
Two dogs tussling over a stuffed toy on a yard , with a boat in its carrier the background .
four children are running up a path towards a red brick building .
A kid does a tumbling move over a leaf-covered lawn near sundown .
Stretched image of a brown dog with a white patch of fur in his chest area sitting in the grass with trees in the background .
An Asian man and woman smile while the man points to something to the right of the picture .
The large white bird swoops down hovering above the water .
Two men wearing all white kneel on the floor , palying guitar .
A young man in a black sweater plays a trumpet into a microphone .
A woman is climbing a volleyball net on a beach as two others watch .
A dog running in long grass , a housing development behind it .
An Asian teenage boy in a pink and black jacket walks with a teenage girl in a brown jacket .
A man with sunglasses standing by a white and red building with a very blue sky above .
A baseball player in white swings for the ball as the player in brown is waiting to intercept .
A man in American flag shorts holds a white cube at the entrance of a marble building .
There are four smiling boys with smiles on a playground with their ball .
a lone person standing on some rocks with large snowy mountains in the background .
One woman makes thread on a spindle while another woman braids a thirds hair .
A young girl wearing a pink floral outfit walks down the sidewalk .
A young shirtless boy in kakhi pants is kneeling in a marsh while someone splashes nearby .
a large group of young people all dressed in white tops and green bottoms
Girl in red skirt jumps on sidewalk in front of jukebox painting
Women are riding horses in an arena carrying the flags of Canada and the United States .
A black dog , with a tennis ball in its mouth , swims through water .
Four people sit around a campfire and the sky is blue behind them .
Two children in a yard wearing sunglasses , with a play structure behind them .
A man on the Miami basketball team holds the ball getting ready to make a move while being blocked .
The man is standing next to a dog , while the dog jumps in the air .
A man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation .
A shirtless teenager bounces on a trampoline as other children watch .
The woman is standing up on a bicycle riding through a city .
Two men sitting on a bench on a street next to two women doing the same .
A man with a bowtie made out of a dollar and wearing glasses is looking into the camera .
a beige dog running on the grass with a tennis ball in his mouth
Black dog with white puppies laying on the floor .
A slalom skier wearing red pants and black shirt is skiing past a red flag .
A boy in a red shirt sits on a rock on the edge of a river .
Man playing musical instrument standing beside a yellow and red fire hydrant
Two young women are walking along a rural path bordered by trees .
A man tries to catch a football on grass surrounded by American flags .
a tan dog jumping through the water towards the shore .
The black dog in front of the tree has a green toy in its mouth .
A bicyclist is attempting a trick down a flight of outdoor stairs .
a boy in a red baseball cap eats a Ritz cracker and has a big pink cup of juice
a young boy falling down into the snow with another boy in the background
A motorcycle policeman observes the crosswalks in the middle of a city .
A woman stands with children on a boardwalk at night overlooking the sea .
A small boy wearing glasses stands on a rope and holds two ropes with his hands .
A girl in a green knit cap stands ready to push a sled , with a little boy behind her .
A man in camo pants and a blue and white shirt running on a concrete surface with other men dressed the same running behind him .
A young woman lifts her voice in song in a field near an old wooden structure .
Black and white bird with orange beak in water with rocks around .
A black dog is running through a swampy area with tall reeds .
a person wearing a white hooded sweatshirt covered with a blanket sitting on a bench reading
A man has fallen out of a white water raft while other rafters look at him .
A white boat on glassy water with mountains in the background .
A dog is wearing jeans and a blue and yellow shirt with a black vehicle in the background .
A woman sits in a rowing scull and looks behind her at a dock .
Six women standing in a field awaiting their turn at a port-a-potty .
a black dog with a pink collar is following behind a brown dog with across a grassy field .
A child on a skateboard flies through the air , along side a building .
A woman is crossing a rope bridge in the trees with other people waiting at one end .
The black dog leaps off the dock and into the water .
A German shepherd breed dog is jumping through a hoop with onlookers .
Woman in colorful shirt works at sewing machine .
A man wearing a sponsor covered motorcycling suit sits on a motorbike raising his hand .
A blond woman is sitting in a brown leather chair while another woman is walking next to a store in the background
The brown dog next to the swimming pool has a ball in its mouth .
A dog in a swimming pool and another dog on the edge of the pool .
An American footballer in a red strip is running down the side of the field with the ball .
A man in a flowered shirt holds a microphone beside a violin player standing in a crowd of people .
The girl in the salmon colored bikini is standing next to two young people ; one is wearing a black outfit and the other is drinking pop .
A football player runs with the ball , chased by members of the opposing team
A man with an electric guitar and long hair leans towards another musician .
A young curly brown headed boy is jumping into the arms of a woman in a pool .
a little boy is squirting a yellow water pistol in the swimming pool .
A girl in a bikini top and shorts poses for a picture on a mountain overlooking a lake .
The young girl is swinging on a swing , and her hair is flying out behind her .
The dog is jumping for the item the man is holding above his head .
A girl in a black and white headband and pink necktie holding a glass with friends on either side of her .
A little boy in black shorts is jumping in the water at the beach .
A dog is attempting a turn by a nearby picnic bench and metal object .
The man is snowboarding down a slope with gear and a hat
War protesters on curb , with pink umbrellas spelling out IMPEACH .
A child holds a soccer ball above their head while a group of seated people watch .
A snowboarder rides a rail on the cement handrail of steps with snow all around .
A lady brings a drink to a seated couple comprised of a woman wearing a long white dress and a man in a dark suit .
A dog shakes off water and gets contorted .
Three women dressed in colorful clothes and head coverings and a man and boy are walking in the snow .
A snowboarder grinds a wooden box over a melted patch of snow .
A man with a soft drink poses for the camera with a park in the background .
A person in orange climbs a sheer cliff face covered in snow and ice .
A number of people standing and laying under a mountain covered in snow .
A little red-haired boy runs down a grassy hill followed behind by two girls .
Two ladies are wearing nothing except body paint and riding on bicycles in a street fair .
A woman wearing a black shirt browses through a book at a store .
A black puppy wearing black collar sits on the grass and leaves .
Brown dog trying to bite a white ball with yellow , green and blue puppy toes
Two boys in blue clothing are pulling on a rope while one boy is touching a brown chair .
A group of children wearing uniforms run along the field after one who is holding the ball .
A white motorcycle is being jumped in the air by a person in a white outfit and crash helmet .
Four kids are climbing a shallow snow covered hill while wearing winter gear .
A boy with an orange tool on the shore is spraying a girl standing in shallow water with mud .
Two people are sitting on a wooden structure near a tree while conversing .
Two young ladies pose outside of a brick building and smile for the camera .
A young girl in a pink and yellow bathing suit jumps from a diving board into a pool .
A little boy jumps off of a bunk bed onto another bed .
A woman wearing glasses and a hat pokes her head through the door of a tent on a snowy day .
A white dog with a red collar and black spots runs on newly cut grass .
a girl in a tan shirt holding up a fork and knife in one hand and a pot in the other
Two children , warmly dressed , are playing in the snow .
Three people are looking across a rope and wood bridge over a river .
A man in a blue wetsuit rides a wave on a white surfboard .
A puppy sniffs a human foot that is resting on his face .
A brown dog with its mouth open and ears in the air running on a grassy surface .
many people are sitting at wooden tables overlooking snow covered mountains .
A little girl is in a crowd of people holding a rope attached to a sheep .
The little girl in the pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert .
Some people are crossing a green bridge over a river .
The man is dressed in black and smiling while another man is drinking and an elderly woman is standing near a fence .
A boy in a blue shirt and white pants stands on the edge of a lake in a town with a church in the background .
Brown dog with white marking on forehead coming down cement steps .
A bald policeman is walking with a German shepherd dog by a metal crowd control barrier .
a brown dog wearing a chain collar on a mountain running crazily .
A woman is walking with someone else beside a pond in the city .
A young boy falls off his skateboard into a pile of brown leaves in the road .
A black and brown dog with a brown dog in a grassy field with patches of white .
Two children stand in the grass while a white dog bites one of their sweaters .
Three dogs , one Rottweiler with a tennis ball in its mouth , one Irish Setter and one Corgi are running in field .
A long-haired white dog is in an area covered with fallen brown leaves .
the man is wearing a backpack and sunglasses while walking through an outdoor market .
a blond woman wearing an apron standing in front of a bar with several empty wineglasses
A biker leaps off a half-pipe littered with graffiti as onlookers watch .
The man is leaping off of the pool deck to catch a football .
The man writes something on the chalkboard to teach the girl who is standing next to him .
A man jumps high on his yellow skateboard over the concrete tile .
A man in a green shirt climbing on rocks while water rushes over them at night .
Boy in white dress shirt , black slacks , tie and sneakers jumping down from steps near yellow flowers .
a large white crane flying through the air over the water .
A red truck is parked next to a burning blue building while a man in a green vest runs toward it .
A black and white dog has pinned a brown dog to the ground in front of a wishing well .
A man carrying a red bag is looking closely at the black train that is emitting smoke .
There is a man who is wearing a shredded blue shirt that reads , " Boys Will Do Boys , " waving at the camera .
a young boy running in a street race
Three people on bikes racing through the orange cones .
A basketball player in white is trying to defend against the player in black who is dribbling the ball .
The man in the denim outfit walks a black and tan dog on a crosswalk .
Pedestrians walk in front of an advertisement depicting a shirtless man in jeans .
Man wearing a red shirt is waiting in line at a restaurant .
several young children with their fingertips on the egde of a white Frisbee
A man climbs up the side of a steep rock that overlooks a river .
The man in a yellow kayak is paddling through rough waters .
Light brown dog running towards something at the beach .
A man is having his picture taken in a courtyard with people in ornamental dress .
A black dog with a red collar wading through the water .
An Asian woman in a misspelled t-shirt fans herself in the mid-afternoon sun while waiting for a bus in the city .
Four birds are chasing another bird which has a piece of food in its mouth
An old woman with a big bag in her lap sits next to a little girl in a stripe , orange dress .
A town square of cobblestones with many people walking through it
A young boy dressed in green running along a smooth , stone wall near a wooded area .
A small brown and white dog chases a white ball over the grass .
The gray and white dog is running through the snow .
Several children playing on a Polaris vehicle outdoors .
Child riding wheeled , yellow toy , with adult 's legs and another child in background .
A black dog on a yard of grass is catching a blue and red ball in its mouth .
A man is scaling a large boulder at dusk .
A young man holds up a hand written sign next to a woman with a multicolored umbrella .
A couple hug each other and pose for the camera in front of a pond in the snow .
A young man sits on the floor by the television with a fast food meal in front of him .
A dog jumping high into the air in the country .
A small child in an orange , white and black coat coming down a snowy hill on an innertube .
A man holding a wine bottle and wearing a box on his head is standing next to a man wearing a black hoodie .
A child in a red sweatshirt , jeans , and black bike helmet and a dog pose for a picture outdoors .
A white dog is leaping into a swimming pool .
a family standing in a rock cave with some of their belongings in the background
Two dogs are standing next to each other , and the white dog has a stick in its mouth .
A small boy on a blue scooter in an urban setting is pointing a finger at the viewer .
Girl with green tank top standing in the middle of a train track with multicolor train cars to the right .
A little girl is talking on a cellphone on the floor of a living room .
Person in a racing ski outfit and a helmet is skiing while in a squat position .
A brown dog is jumping in the air whilst trying to catch a purple Frisbee .
A woman sitting on the sand at the beach , with a furry animal in the foreground walking towards her .
A brown dog running with two white and brown dogs on the seashore with crashing waves behind them .
A small black dog is running along side a bigger tri-colored dog that is carrying a rope toy in its mouth .
A woman in a gray hat is aiming her camera in the snow as to take a picture .
The small brown dog is running through the grass with a yellow ball in its mouth .
A little blond girl crawling into a blue inflatable bouncy house .
The black dog leaps a pile of driftwood as he runs the beach .
A West Highland Terrier runs across the dirt .
Two men and a woman pose with signs for Obama and Chris Gregoire .
A little boy looling over the fence at a guard standing in front of a black shed .
A boy wearing a blue swimsuit begins to slide down a water slide .
person wearing a helmet on a four wheeled bike in air
A man sitting on a couch holding a baby , surrounded by three young girls .
Greyhound are racing on a track , and number eight is making a run for first
A man stands on a sailboat in the water .
The two dogs , one with a tennis ball in its mouth , are running through tall grass .
The tiny girl dressed in a butterfly ballet costume , waves her wand near a nutcracker statue .
Two Africans in red and blue shawls pose for a picture outside a barber shop .
A little blond-haired girls peers at the camera through the leaves on the tree that she sits on .
A white and black dog leaps through long grass in a field .
An old man with a white-haired beard and a blue cap gives a thumbs-up sign with his right hand .
A brown dog swims through water outdoors with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A large black and brown dog is carrying something in its mouth while walking on grass .
A man in a brown jacket and a white shirt looks to his side .
A biker on top of a shallow hill attempts a trick nearby a gate and grassy area .
The American football team in white are attempting to stop the player in red who is running with the ball .
Two tri-colored short dogs run away from the camera in the trees .
A hairy dog tries to follow its owner around an obstacle course .
Two girls in winter jackets , knit hats , and glvoes are outside in the snow .
Girl in a black and red shirt is standing up with a pole in her hand surrounded by people .
A person dressed in light blue with white shoes does a back flip in the grass .
A pitcher with a red shirt is throwing a ball and his teammate is waiting to catch near a base .
The children are smiling whist sitting on a fairground ride .
At the bottom of a set of stairs , there are two men and a tent .
Brown dog laying on gravel with grass and trees in background .
A group of men stands near a tree as a racing car stirs up a cloud of dust on the gravel road beside them .
A group of friends sit around a table in front of a flat screen tv .
A white dog rests on a log as a chicken pecks at the ground .
A man is jumping off a rock into a pool of water while three others watch .
A young man is climbing up a rock face with one rope dangling down .
A black and white spotted dog runs along the seaweed and sand .
A girl in a blue leotard hula hoops on a stage with balloon shapes in the background .
Young girls in bathing suits playing in the knee deep water beyond the blue railing .
A brown dog begins to run along a beach with a wave in the background .
A woman rock climber scales a cliff far above pastures .
A man in an orange shirt is walking over fire while a crowd watches .
A crowd of people are standing behind a railing watching something in the distance .
A dog is pawing at a fallen log nearby a stream in an area with pinestraw .
A man in a cowboy hat is walking through a market and reaching into his pocket .
A Greyhound dog is wearing a red jersey with the number one on it and is mid run .
A man in a leather jacket with the collar popped kisses the neck of a woman in a gray coat wearing a white scarf .
A young child dressed in a graduation gown is throwing a graduation cap in the air .
A dark street scene shows a neon lights and a group of people dining while another group walks .
A chubby looking boy with a Mohawk and glasses staring at the camera with a plain look .
A young man skateboards around the empty outdoor sports arena .
One young boy in a striped shirt is chasing another boy on a path through the jungle .
A man dressed for cold weather plays with a stick with his black and brown dog .
A little boy wearing a blue stiped shirt has a party hat on his head and is playing in a puddle .
A girl in a blue jacket holding a pink bottle in the front of a crowd of other kids .
Two motorcyclists are making a turn in a race , one with a red themed outfit and bike , the other in black .
A naked woman with pink hair and tattoos is standing in a crowd in front of a cloth barrier .
Two children looking up at a large fashion advertisement on a concrete wall .
A lot of surfers stand out in the ocean with their boards waiting on a wave .
Man dressed in black and white holds his tennis racket up waiting for the ball .
A man is placing jewelry on an extravagantly-haired and decorated female sculpture or stiffly-posed woman .
A family of two young boys and a woman and man pose in front of a scenic background .
A young boy runs towards a blue soccer ball in front of a goal .
A girl in a bikini , glasses and black hat laying on a white towel on the beach .
little dog is jumping up to catch a red ball in its mouth .
A man in a blue shirt and jeans poses by large mossy rocks .
A black dog jumping over tire tracks in the snow .
Young boy wearing waders standing on a dock fishing , other people are in the background .
A man looks mysterious in a blue shirt and a red truck for a company called Wilbert .
Two men are standing together in front of a white brick building .
A dog with a blue collar is licking a man who 's wearing large tinted sunglasses .
A dark black dog is playing with a light brown dog in a backyard .
a beagle and a golden retriever wrestling in the grass
One dog is jumping up at another dog by a fence on a snowy day .
Two women in black coats standing in front of a person sitting on a box on the ground .
A family watches as a little girl blows out the candles on her third birthday
A boy in red and a girl pink are walking through a low cut field .
A yellow dog is chewing on a white stuffed toy .
a little girl is sitting at a table with a jug of juice and some watermelon slices .
Cyclists are leaping into the air whilst being watched by spectators .
Orange building in the woods surrounded by trees with white dog running away from it .
The dog is sitting on the side of the hill .
Two blond boys , one in a camouflage shirt and the other in blue , are having a water fight .
a slightly older picture of a mother and her newborn sitting next to the rotary dial phone
A child in a red shirt and hat enjoys a tire-shaped swing at the playground .
A man jumps off a large building onto the ground .
A girl is playing an electric guitar in front of an amplifier .
A group of people walk through a shopping mall .
A man is standing with his arms spread wide and an open vest exposing his chest .
The dog is rolling on its back on the grass with its mouth wide open .
A woman is sitting at the beach covered by a lot of seaweed .
Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee that is bent in half .
Four people , in colorful kayaks , are on the water on a sunny day .
A group of people gather on the grass field and throw a pink hoop .
Two women sitting on a bench , their faces obscured , with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume .
A black-and-white dog bounds off the ground , all feet in the air , of a yellow field .
A brown and black dog running through snow-covered ground .
A group of guys who appear to be a band stand inside the dark graffiti-covered and rock-strewn building .
A black and brown dog with a red ball overhead plays in the grass .
Two black dogs are jumping towards each other .
A man with a white hat and brown shirt , behind a woman in red , looks to the left .
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses and a man in a black shirt and sunglasses sit at a table with four beer bottles .
A man in a blue jacket widely opens his big blue eyes as a man behind him closes his eyes as he covers his mouth .
A girl dressed in a pink sweatshirt and pink and white striped skirt plays in the waves at the beach .
The man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera .
A young girl in red is jumping over a bent over child for a children ' game .
A white and brown dog runs along the shoreline .
A cameraman is behind his video camera and surrounded by a hudge crowd .
A man and a woman are looking at each other while standing on an elaborate indoor balcony .
A boy dressed in green running with a brown and white dog in a green field .
A group of children watch a man who is riding his bicycle on suspended wires .
Two children walking away , down a path surrounded by trees .
A little girl in a pink hat sniffing a white flower .
A man performs a trick on his mini-race car , with one leg flying out in the sky .
A dog appearing to be malnourished is standing on his hind legs about to jump .
A person in a white hoodie is running down the beach on the sand barefoot .
Men walking on city street with a yellow bus and two FedEx vehicles in the background .
A football player for the Sooners stands in front of the oppsing team waiting for the next play .
A hockey player in red untangles from a player in white as he goes for the puck .
A man on a bike in the air he is wearing a blue hsirt and a yellow and white helmet .
The man threw his paddle in the air and fell out of the boat and into the water .
A little girl in traditional chinese garb holds a balloon .
A man in a black suit knocks his head with his fist as he puts his arm around a woman in a white strapless dress .
A man in an orange construction uniform wears a white hard hat and sprays a water hose .
A child wearing a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
A group of people in suits stand around a man in a pink shirt who is lecturing .
A little boy wearing a blue hat and coat is standing amongst the pigeons on the street .
A yellow team soccer player is jumping on two blue team players while other players run along side .
A little girl and woman wearing a yellow shirt get splashed by a city fountain .
A person in an orange coat prepares to throw a stick to a black dog .
A group of boys is sitting in a large mud puddle in a grassy field .
A white dog is emerging from a blue canvas tunnel on an obstacle course .
A brown dog is carrying a stick too big for him over grass .
A white bulldog sitting on a tree stump gives paw to an older woman wearing a black jacket .
The blue and gray vehicle is racing through the gravel .
A man wearing padded arm protection is being bitten by a German shepherd dog .
A black dog shakes itself dry on the beach in front of the waves .
A homeless man holds up his pants as another man observes in the distance .
With the sun reflecting off the water , a man is sitting in a boat and rowing .
a small bee landed on a bunch of yellow flowers
A man is pulling tricks on his rollerblades in a indoor skate park .
A man in a colorful jacket walks down the street surrounded by women in winter clothing .
A woman wearing a red and white gown holds a long scarf behind her .
Two grayish-brown dogs looking at something in the grass .
Two toddlers , one topless , one without pants , standing on a floor with water sprinklers .
A super car is spinning tires on a raceway track creating smoke near a crowd .
A group of people are standing in a field flying kites .
Person in blue stand by flowers in open air market while another person with a cane walks the path
Two people dressed in winter apparel venture out onto a frozen body of water .
The person on a skateboard is carrying several bags of different sizes and shapes .
a woman in a colorful sari walks with a small boy who is carrying an umbrella through a busy city in the pouring rain .
Dog on leash burrows into snow in rural area .
There are two dogs ; one leaps over the fence and the other tries to .
The brown dog is running parallel to the waves in the water .
A little boy sits and spins on a playground .
Three dogs are standing in the grass and a person is sitting next to them
A man in a blue jacket riding a dog sled over a snow covered plain .
A pair of hands is shooting a black gun in the direction of trees .
A person in face paint and an orange oversized cowboy hat rides his bike on a trail .
A blue buggy is driving across the sand dunes .
Two little boys lounge at a park , one sitting on a swing .
a tennis player wearing a green shirt about to hit a ball with his racquet .
A man and woman are at a catered dinner getting food .
A greenish dog runs through the water by several large rocks .
A man in a flowered bathing suit waterskies on one ski while being pulled by a rope .
A man standing on a boat full of people hands a child over to a man that is not on the boat .
A person wearing gray converse shoes took a picture of the water barely touching their shoes .
A red-uniformed hockey player is attempting to control the puck while two white-suited hockey players try to disrupt him .
The brown and white dog is standing on its hind legs beside the path .
An Asian woman is taking a photograph outside a white columned building .
A woman in mask sits next to a man wearing a Santa suit and also in mask as they hold wineglasses next to a Christmas tree .
There is a little blond-hair girl with a green sweatshirt and a red shirt playing on a playground .
One girl is hugging another girl in front of an American flag .
A sumo wrestler with a brown belt is pushing another wrestler in a bout .
The man wearing the cap is handing a freshly caught fish to the boy in the purple hat .
A snarling brown and black dog corners a brown long-haired cat under a wooden bench .
Multiple bicyclists wearing different colored shirts and helmets riding around a track .
A man with a tattoo on his left arm flips his food into the air with his frying pan .
A black and white dog holds a stick in his paw for chewing or playing .
A kayaker in a red kayak paddles as an orange kayak approaches from behind .
a young boy wearing a blue shirt and a red helmet riding a bike on a sidewalk
a girl in a green dress and pink jacket is running down a dusty path in a grassy park .
A brown dog opens his mouth to catch a piece of food .
Two blond women are smiling while one is holding a camera to capture their image .
Big black dog swimming in the ocean with something in his mouth .
A man wearing black clothes , standing and looking out over a snowy scene .
A biker is wearing all black gear with buildings and a tree with no leaves nearby .
Two large black dogs with red studded collars pulling on ends of a white rag on porch
A group of young women doing in matching teal outfits doing a dance .
Women of African origin are colecting water at common water tap , near wire fence .
A teenage boy does a skateboard trick on a half pipe while another boy watches from the top .
Two white dogs are drinking water out of a lake .
a young child wearing a white coat playing a children 's gold game .
Two men are standing under a large work of art by a brick building .
A woman wearing a white shirt and a short , black skirt is in motion on a green , artificial surface .
A man and a woman are wearing bicycle helmets , and are having a conversation .
two black and white dogs fighting with each other
A skateboarder is doing a trick in the air with his skateboard on a red ramp while people stand around looking .
A light brown and white dog walks on a thin railing .
Two dolphins jump out of the blue water with palm trees behind them .
Outside by the trees , a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase .
Four woman are playing on a beach as a huge ship passes in the background .
Wolf-like dog chasing white wiffle ball through a green field .
Two white dogs chase after a red ball in a yard in front of a white fence .
A man in a black top and white cap is stretching backwards in a sports stadium .
A long-haired woman is wearing a grass cowboy hat and a striped shirt .
A black dog inside house is looking at something at higher position .
A woman stands on a mountain overlooking a rolling field of trees underneath a blue sky .
A person surfs in the curl of a wave , obsured by the falling water .
A group of people holding up a bed sheet like a parachute while two people run underneath to fetch a soccer ball .
Girl wearing a mini dress and long sleve white jacket with a pink bag walking through a crowded area .
A red high speed racing boat skips across the water .
A group of people sitting in a grassy area under a pink and white blossoming tree .
A person in a green feathered costume is bending down in front of a woman with painted breasts .
A motorcyclist is riding their sponsored car along a roadway that has recently turned .
Two seagulls on water , foreground bird has object held in beak .
A woman holding a pitcher waits among others outside the opening of a tent .
The man in blue , woman in white , and child in blue stand before a silver car .
A white dog in a blue leaps over a man in a blue outfit with yellow stars in order to catch a Frisbee whilst people stand by and watch .
Two people in a subway train separated by a seat
A female basketball player wearing a red uniform is holding a basketball and looking up while an arm is trying to block her .
Man with hard hat in black jacket stands near a green trailer that says " CHINA SHIPPING " in a construction zone .
A woman and child fly soar through the air , seated on an amusement park ride .
A man jumps his bicycle high above a cement incline .
A black and brown dog pokes his head above the white farm animals .
A group of four people prance away from the camera , one pushing a shopping cart and another leaping along side .
A girl in a blue bathing suit is walking away from the water on the beach .
A group of six people have jumped into the air in the middle of nowhere and one is catching a ball .
A man and a woman wear funny masks and pretend to smoke large , fake cigars .
A young football player in a muddy , yellow and blue uniform carrying a football with other muddy players run behind him .
A black dog carries an orange ball , walking on the ground covered in leaves .
A biker is running with his bike in his hands up a ramp .
Two motocross bikers are throwing up dirt as they ride around a circuit .
The gauges of a small flying vessel , with another plane and three people in the background .
a brightly decorated bicycle with cart with people walking around in the background
A long-haired black and brown dog runs through the grass .
Skateboarder does tricks in front of crowd while photographer watches
Group of people on a ball team wearing blue and white uniforms some of gloves on their hands one is wearing red shoes , tall trees are in the background .
One black and white dog sleeps while the other two black and white dogs play with a plastic bag .
A man is slouching on a couch with people walking and sitting around him .
A man , woman , girl , and boy sit on a concrete bench by a beach .
A boy is jumping off the side of a running stone water fountain in front of a building .
A bare backed climber is attached to the rock face on a pink safety rope .
The man is in the field with four dogs who are running .
A small white dog is carrying something blue in its mouth and a bigger brown and black dog is carrying something orange in its mouth .
Three dogs , two black one brown , are playing in a grass field .
An empty chairlift and a chairlift occupied by two people are moving .
A large brown dog begins to shake while standing in the water .
Three women are dressed in costumes while one holds an umbrella .
A girl in a colourful bathing suit being ejected from a water slide into the pool .
A woman in a green sport outfit is attempting to hit a tennis ball with a racket .
The brown dog is running in front of the water and the wooden sticks .
A smiling blond girl with a red striped shirt is sitting in a chair at a table with a white porcelain bowl on her head .
A pretty girl wearing a white dress , a dimond necklace , and a crown , posing in front of the beach .
Two men are climbing on an interestingly shaped rock feature .
A man poses for a little girl , his arms outstretched , with a large church in the background .
A little girl in a striped bathing suit jumps in a large body of water .
A man in a wetsuit is suspended from a para-surfing harness whilst moving across the water on a board .
A young girl is wearing a blue patterned swimsuit , a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swim goggles on her head .
A woman in a park wearing a hat and holding a scarf over her face .
A man stands on a concrete ledge and casts his fishing pole into the water below .
A shoeless strapped in individual jumping with rubber bands attached is airborne .
A little girl in a pink jacket and hat is swinging in a harness attached to yellow ropes .
A person with black shorts and shirt does a handstand on the beach .
A motorcyclist is attempting a jump with another motorcyclist nearby as well as onlookers .
A man holding a tennis racket is looking in the distance with his hand over his mouth .
The small fluffy white dog runs through the green grass with a tiny stick in its mouth .
Two cowboys rope a steer from horseback in an indoor corral .
A person on a motorcycle wearing full leather with a skeleton on it and skeleton mask .
A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in its mouth .
A windsurfer skims the water with his outstretched hand .
A man on a bicycle in jeans is doing an air track along a dirt track with graffiti nearby .
A black dog running along the sandy shoreline of a body of water while two ducks swim nearby .
Three people on red boats paddle through water with mountains in the background .
The girl dressed in purple walks through the alley , followed by a girl in pink .
a young girl with a white shirt and pink shorts rolling around in some plastic multicolored balls
