Two dogs playing in the snow .
The small brown and white dog is in the pool .
A man and a woman with feathers on her head dance .
A couple of people sit outdoors at a table with an umbrella and talk .
The American footballer is wearing a red and white strip .
A brown dog running over grass .
Two dark-haired girls are in a crowd .
A dog with its mouth opened .
The black dog jumps out of the water with something in its mouth .
Young men playing basketball in a competition .
Woman gets her hand kissed by living statue street artist .
This man is smiling very big at the camera .
A dog lays on a mattress on the porch .
a man stands next to a bus .
A woman in a knit cap and green coat its on a stone block , looking out .
Two men stand together ; one is putting something red on his arm .
Two dogs are catching blue Frisbees in grass .
a young boy with a samll cardboard box atop his head .
A big dog chases a little dog on the grass .
A man is sitting on the floor outside a door and his head on his chin .
A person is hiking to the top of a hill .
Three boys play in an unfinished building .
A group of protesters picket in the road .
The helmeted boy is doing a stunt on a skateboard .
There is a blue car on a road in the roads splashing through a puddle .
A couple walk to the side of a crowded walkway .
A young , barefoot girl in red sunglasses plays in a sink .
A dog waits as his owner rummages through a collection of stuff .
A man climbing a mountain .
a woman in a black overcoat and red-hair with man in white walking behind her
A football player in red and white is holding both hands up .
People rock crawl up a steep obstacle .
A tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down .
a man crashes into the water with his parachute .
brown long-haired dog in garden .
The woman in a red jacket is smiling at the camera .
a little girl kicks into the air .
Brown and white dog playing in the grass .
Woman in white dribbling basketball .
People stand outside near a concrete wall and a window .
A child puts dirt into his mouth .
Busy intersection in the summer time in a city
Young girl wearing a pink sweater sitting on a man .
A boy climbs up some rocks .
Three men looking at grass covered hill .
A child and floor covered in white powder .
Children watch a man doing dance moves .
A man crouched on a snowy peak .
a brown and black dog swimming in a river
A blond girl is stepping on vertical logs in the sand .
A small child is jumping on a bed .
three men are playing a game of basketball
A wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool .
A couple walks down a city street holding hands .
A man and a girl stand in front of a large crowd .
A dog is in the paddling pool playing with a ball .
two small children happily playing on a tire swing .
A man poses as he jumps from rock to rock in a forest .
a black dog walks on the sand .
A homeless man stands with a sign next to orange construction cones .
There is a couple kissing on the beach .
A little boy is smiling for the camera on a playground
Red and white motorbike number 58 races around the track .
two men playing basketball under a blue sky
Two women sitting in the grass with their bikes behind them .
Two men and a woman smile at the camera .
A man gets lots of air time as he wakeboards .
Two white dogs with brown markings playing .
Two people sitting on a red bench in front of books .
A multicolor dog in a red collar crouching on the grass .
A crowd watching a dirt bike race
A small dog lands on a big dog trying to get a disc .
Women participate in a skit on stage .
Two children jump off the dock into the lake .
A girl in a pink shirt jumping out of a moving swing .
Bike rider jumping obstacles .
A child with a pink headband and blue shirt smiling .
A man in black is taking a jump on a snowboard .
Three children playing in sand at beach
A small boy dances on the concrete surrounded by adults .
A woman climbing a rock cliff .
One man looks into the distance next to another who has his hand in the air .
A rider on motorcycle , riding over rocks .
Children playing on rocks .
Two people are parachuting over white clouds .
The girl has a black purse and is sitting on the side of a ledge .
Two furry beige dogs playing in ocean surf .
an older asian lady holding the hand of a little asian girl .
A calf is running in the fields while cows look on .
A child holds sparklers in the dark .
Two boys sitting and eating ice cream .
A white dog looks at a black puppy in the snow .
Black and white dog on wet sand .
Three children in swimsuites are having fun outside near a white building .
A basketball player takes a shot .
A young boy has a snake draped over his shoulders .
A boy in a park playing with two orange balls .
A police officer in a yellow vest directs traffic .
A little boy walks with a paddle out into the sand .
Two bears bare their teeth at one another .
A group of dogs runs beside a pond through a field .
A man in blue pants repels off a cliff over water .
A group of woman hold each other up to catch a ball .
A crowd of people are standing around a yellow-suited musician .
Two dogs play with a human and a disc in the snow .
A brown dog walks on top of a felled tree trunk .
A man in a black hoodie watching a man in a red cap .
A surfer by a bridge in foggy conditions
A girl playing softball , taking a swing .
Two people walk down a city street that has writing on it .
A little girl runs across the wet beach .
Lady waving two long red streamers around
Two runners get ready to race on a track .
A black dog and a tan dog fighting .
A child at a water park is sprayed from all sides by a ring of water .
a young woman is jumping on a trampoline
Two small white dogs play in the yard .
Person in red ski jacket skiing backwards
A bunch of dogs and kids playing in a swimming pool .
A greyhound leaps in a race .
The girl is hanging off of the tractor equipment .
two black dogs fight .
Two teenage girls are wearing fancy dresses at an event .
Two girls at a table with papers between them .
A man is walking in a field carrying a stick .
People on an amusement park ride .
Baby in white outfit holding black and white flag .
Dog in shadow on beach at sunset .
A man practicing a high kick on the cement near the grass .
Two girls running through pool while water sprays over them
Two toddlers posing for the camera .
A body of water at sunset .
A man skiing down a hill .
The man is mushing his dogs on a snow trail
a girl wearing sunglasses smiles for the camera .
A black and white dog chases a pink Frisbee .
A bird with its wings spread
This man is doing a stunt on a skateboard outdoors .
a climber is between two large red rocks .
A man , woman and one girl face the camera , while one girl faces away .
One boy hoists another boy up on his back .
A dirt biker leaps through the air .
A young child is riding a purple bike .
Two dogs play with each other in the leaves .
A white dog runs past a fence on a snowy day .
A woman holding onto a camera smiling at the camera .
A young boy plays around in a jacuzzi .
A boy jumps into the water at a beach .
A man in an orange shirt flips his skateboard on a suburban street .
A closeup of an elderly man .
Dog jumping a hurdle in a sporting event .
Two young children sitting together playing .
People stand and look out the window to view the mountain .
A smiling child slides down a slippery tube slide
A black boy is sitting in the sand .
A little boy takes a picture at the park .
Child in a restaurant posing with a paper mask
A little boy in a tan hat on the ground of a play area .
A little boy playing on a playground .
The guys are playing a sport .
A coach talks to a football player during a timeout .
A woman holding a girl , who wears an apple themed coat .
A little boy is holding a fishing rod .
Twins in orange shirts jumping on a trampoline .
A snowboarder on a wide plain of snow
This person is climbing the side of a mountain .
A brown dog sitting on grass
A boy smiles for the camera at a beach .
The drummer beats the drums at an outdoor concert .
A dog is running with a yellow tennis ball and wearing a red harness .
A young man jumps on a table .
A crowd is watching a dog climb up a staircase .
A man and young girl eat a meal on a city street .
A black dog carrying an object out of the water .
A man holding a sleeping child walks with a woman .
The man is walking with a draft horse
A woman holds a newspaper that says " Real change " .
A windsurfer angles over a wave .
A dog on a leash walks on the sidewalk while another dog follows .
A group of girls and guys hang out , one is making a sad face .
A small boy wearing red runs towards a soccer ball .
Two dogs fight on the grass .
A young girl throwing her pink chalk .
People are gathered by a tree beside a line of white tents .
Two people are on bikes are next to a white building .
A boy in bathing trunks is standing under a water shower .
A child rides down the snow in a tube .
People ride up an escalator .
A dog runs through the tall grass .
Many black dogs run in a grassy area .
Dark colored Mercury car parked in front of PNC Bank .
A kid is upside down on a swing .
Two dogs fighting for the same chew toy .
Two babies in sweaters playing with a toy .
Person doing a skateboard trick in midair .
The children are playing basketball indoors .
A man sleeps under a blanket on a city street .
A couple are looking at an area map .
A woman in a gray overcoat rides her bicycle along a street .
A hiker poses for a picture in front of stunning mountains and clouds .
A little girl has dunked her head in a bowl of water .
Two young woman hug and pose together for a picture .
The man is playing tennis against the building .
Two young female floor hockey players fight over the ball .
A woman writing while standing by men .
Two dogs are staring at a splash in the water
Large crowd of people gathered together .
Group of children in blue uniforms sitting on steps .
A woman walking into the waves .
Young boy plays ball on the beach .
Two motorcyclists are on a dirt track .
A man stands at a traffic light , waiting to cross the street .
Small yachts in harbor , city in background .
A girl is in a parking lot jumping rope .
A boy and girl playing with buckets in a lawn sprinkler
Two men holding their fishing poles .
Two young boys playing with sparklers .
A girl in a pink dress blows bubbles on a wharf .
Brown dog in water , with orange and blue ball in mouth .
Two dogs play catch with a ball in a field .
A woman is riding her bicycle .
Two people carry their bags down an unpaved road .
A man going skating down a slide while two kids look on .
A man looks in a bag near some grocery carts and a bike .
The back of a man climbing a rock .
A woman stands with two young girls in dresses looking at bubbles .
The three dogs are standing in the sand .
A person taking a jump off a rock on a dirt bike .
The black and white dog is tethered next to a yellow car .
One climber helps another in the snow .
The dog swims towards a waterfall .
Two dogs walk along a path beside the grass .
skateboarder in the air by a bench with advertisement
Little girl slides down in the pool .
A child pushes a doll in a baby carriage .
A little blond girl is standing in front of a water fountain .
A girl 's hair streams behind her as she swings
A small child swings back a red baseball bat .
a surfer jumps out of the water .
A person on top of a mountain with arms over head .
A young black man in sunglasses is smiling broadly .
a black dog jumping to catch a rope toy
A woman wearing a head covering holding an infant
A dog chases a stuffed animal attached to a string .
A man is standing outside the glass doors of an art center .
A teenage boy jumps off a rail .
The dogs are playing with a stick outside .
A brown dog shakes himself dry .
A soccer player jumping in air during a game .
A wet black dog jumping into a lake .
Dark colored dog leaping down a path .
A young child with a red belt does a demonstration .
A little girl in red at the beach while a adult points a camera .
A woman is standing at a counter that is holding buckets of flowers .
A young boy plays with his dog in the snow .
An adult and a child run on the beach .
A boy pushes a wagon with two pumpkins .
A man sits on a cliff and looks out over another mountain .
A black dog jumping off of a dock .
A female walking through grass .
Two lizards fight in the water .
A child getting out of the car wearing soccer shoes .
Three dogs are playing in a field .
A man stands on a rocky cliff overlooking a body of water .
several men loading a metal cannon
A man in midair doing a bicycle stunt on a half pipe .
A woman in a blue shirt guides her dog over an obstacle .
A man checks out the beautiful necklace a woman is wearing .
A young boy in pajamas eats out of a red bowl at a wood table .
Two women are dancing while men play music behind them .
A boy in a baseball cap jumps over a flight of stairs .
A little boy is playing with the Autumn leaves .
A little boy is going down a pulley swing .
A man in blue jumping a dirt bike .
A man holds up a " free hugs " sign above his head .
Person popping a wheelie on a dirt road .
A helmeted boy flies through the air on a snowboard .
Boy crawling through a cement tunnel .
Three dogs running through water .
A man is posing in front of a brick wall that has framed pictures on it .
Child holding plastic car sits on a tire .
a young person sliding down a sandy hill .
girl hanging upside down on blue monkey bars
Number 12 in orange gets ready to throw the football .
One person is whispering to another .
The dog is jumping in the air to catch a ball .
The dog chases a deer near the woods .
A large dog wades through shallow water .
A little girl sliding down a slide at a playground .
A man demonstrates his product to an audience .
The man is taking notes at the table .
People are drinking and walking in front of a brick building .
A woman looking at view of a city .
A man travels with two donkeys in the mountains
A man pulling a small child out of a ball pit
A dog follows another dog around the corner but looks back .
A guy on a bmx bike .
Three dogs are running in a field .
A woman holding a young boy slide down a water slide into a pool .
A dog is looking at something near the water .
three Buddhists walk on the street .
Two boys talk on a field near palm trees .
Two people sitting on a rock in a city park .
The dog is walking through a grassy area .
The young girl is standing in a tree .
A small tan dog is jumping over a chain linked fence .
A man and a toddler look at advertisements .
A dog splashes through the water .
Two young girls are sitting on the street eating corn .
A surfer rides the waves .
A woman pulls an inflatable boat into the water .
A yellow dog jumping off of a porch .
Two little kids are beating on a bongo drum .
The baby sitting next to the black dog is sucking a pacifier .
The snowboarder gets serious air .
Man on rocky beach playing with black and white dog .
A black and white dog carrying a large stick
A baby is in a sandpit playing with a bucket .
Man sitting on brown horse with mountains in background .
Several bicyclists are riding though a wooded area .
a man in a harness climbing a rock wall
A group of people in costume at a renaissance fair .
A girl swings her long , wet hair in a lake .
a man walking the streets while playing the guitar .
Two men in white suits and glasses with a drink .
White dog with a muzzle running in the grass .
People outside a house in snow .
A person in black covering their face with their hands .
A race dog is running for first
A group of five adults stand posing in front of buildings .
A bobsled team runs through a snowy trail .
A dog in some water enclosed by rocky ledge .
A man skates down a long outdoor stairway .
kid swinging on a swing
Naked people riding bikes .
Older couple posing for a picture in front of a fountain .
A woman is signaling is to traffic , as seen from behind .
A woman in a bikini top is on the bench and a man with no shirt is talking to her .
a woman ties her little girls shoes in front of a bench with a man sleeping on it
A man on a bmx bike jumps over a train
Person in blue shirt scales wall .
A girls in a blue shirt holds a flower while sitting on a man 's shoulders .
An inline skater doing a jump on a ramp .
The two children are being sprayed by water
The tattooed basketball player is about to dunk the ball .
An older lady holds a toddler while another boy watches .
The girl is playing with her dog in her driveway .
A man stands on his motorcycle while doing a wheelie .
The man is wearing a black shirt and hat and smiling .
Large dog plays with two smaller dogs on grass .
There is a little girl running on the beach .
Five men pose awkwardly on steps .
Children are playing soccer , while an adult looks on .
A mother and two children are posing with funny faces .
Three dogs meet in the snow .
two dogs race across the track .
A dog jumps over a hurdle in the grass .
A shirtless man in a pink hat stands on a rocky shore .
A woman in an orange dress riding a carnival ride .
Two dogs run on a dirt area near a forest .
A group of people in a boat , white water rafting .
a woman wearing a black tank top revealing a large fairy tattoo .
A motocross rider rides in the air over a bar .
A man with a red Spain shirt and a woman with purple streaks in her hair .
A yellow dog in the snow .
A young boy leaps off a swing .
A skier skiing downhill in a cloud of snow .
A dog leaps over the water from a rock .
A little girl is falling backwards onto a bed .
A motorcyclist races around a track .
A group of football players running down the field .
A group of people are sitting on the porch of a brick building .
Little girl crouches to splash fountain water .
A white dog has its head on the ground .
A skateboarder in striped shorts skating down a street .
A black dog and a brown dog in snow .
A race car screeches through a turn as spectators watch .
A young man climbs a mountain , another follows below .
A girl in a winter coat with a birthday cake .
A little boy is leaping in the air onto a water slide .
Two boys with backpacks ride bikes through a puddle on the road .
A woman and a barefoot man lay down on rocky terrain .
Two dogs paying attention to each other .
The backs of two men wearing backpacks near some tents .
A biker looks back at the camera for a photo .
A small plane is dropping a red chemical over the mountaintops .
Two dogs wearing sweaters play in a field .
Man in martial arts-style costume jumping in midair .
A man doing a back flip on the beach .
The camera focuses on two people 's legs .
two woman competing in a sporting event
The lady is wearing a bandanna around her face to protect her from dust .
Hockey players with one taking a shot .
The man played guitar in the band .
A person touches a dog 's tooth .
Three small children are in a cage .
A man pulls on his sweater as a kayak lays at his feet .
Child in dirty white shirt and sunglasses standing in yard
A couple walks past a car in a parking lot .
A pale colored dog runs through a body of water .
Two young children playing with sticks at the beach .
A little boy swings at the playground .
A man sitting on a subway .
A group of dogs stand in the snow .
A brown dog wading into a marshy pond .
Two beige dogs are playing in the grass near a doghouse .
A black dog walking along a rocky terrain .
A person swims in a body of water with a waterfall .
the black dog is sniffing the brown dog 's butt .
On wet grass , little blond girl in orange dress plays in sprinkler .
Two men put their arms and legs out to the side .
Women are walking at night under neon lights .
A little dog running on sand .
two kids building a sand castle
Two men discuss a sign that says " Jesus or Hell " .
A barefoot redheaded girl jumping over a rail .
a person in midair doing a back flip .
A male and female on a one seat bike ride along a tree lined road
Three race dogs run to finish a race .
A girl is hanging on a metal bar in a park .
A brown dog climbs over a fallen branch in a wooded area .
The man is outdoors , holding a camera .
A dog leaps up to catch a blue and tan ball .
People are standing around a scenic lookout on a sunny day .
A dog rolls on the ground .
A little girl looking into a females face in the midst of a crowd .
A young boy splashing an older person with a bottle of water
A wet dog carrying a stick in its mouth .
The dog walks across the stream on a fallen log .
A black and white dog is splashing in a stream .
A group of 5 people making different expressions .
The man is fishing at the water 's edge .
A dog standing on the side of a mountain .
A woman in a yellow and black outfit is skiing .
the young children are petting a piglet
a tan dog jogging with his tongue hanging out
Little boy knee-deep in water .
A woman with a white glove and several others .
A man is attempting a stunt with a bicycle .
A few younger boys play around a fountain .
A crowd of boys riding a vehicle .
Two women pet a baby kangaroo in the park .
Naked woman covered in mud in crowd
Two dogs run towards each other on a marshy area .
A man wearing a green shirt looks down at a cellphone .
An old man wearing a red hat and black raincoat .
A man in a white shirt is dancing with a woman in black .
A woman in a skirt walks down a path .
A man holds a flag next to a snowbound campsite .
Boys in life jackets on a watercraft .
A woman in a field enjoys her clothing being blown by the wind .
A surfer is in the air above the ocean .
A surfer is riding a wave .
Six small children sitting at a desk .
A dog fetches a ball in a field .
An older couple is resting on a bench .
A man with shaggy hair and a moustache pointing down a street .
A man is riding a mountain bike through woodland .
Two boxers with white gloves are fighting .
Two little girls in pink are in a playground .
A child in a black cap sleeping across two chairs .
The child is splashing water in a small blue pool .
A man with sunglasses on puts a chip in his mouth .
A man carying sticks descends a rocky hill .
The child is walking through tall grass on a sunny day .
Three men loading items on a sled .
Shotput athlete getting ready to throw .
A little boy in a striped shirt is standing behind a tree .
An older man with glasses is looking off-camera .
A person in green surfing a wave .
Basketball players participate in a game .
A person is pulled in a cart by a donkey .
A large brown dog is walking along side a river .
These five people are seated on steps outdoors .
A man in a werewolf mask is with a woman wearing elf ears .
Two people having a picnic by the shore .
Two brown dogs play with one another in the field .
A dog is on the beach near a ball .
A girl doing a kick near a woman .
A small boy is building with some wooden blocks .
A basketball player with a ball and defenders .
The young football player is trying to avoid being tackled .
A beige dog with orange vest running on withering grass .
A black dog at the top of a red incline .
Two poodles are running through the snow .
snowboarders sit on a chairlift .
A cowboy gets kicked off a horse that is bucking
a skier is being filmed by a man with video camera on a jib .
a man climbs a rock .
A showgirl puts on her lipstick in the mirror .
A surfer in a wetsuite jumps waves .
Two boys kick around a ball in a meadow .
a baby sticking wheat grass into his mouth
A girl in a black jacket and hat is covered in a pink blanket
Four crosscountry skiers climb uphill .
A little girl is sliding down a slide at a park .
Two men are standing together while one looks through binoculars .
A little girl painting the sidwalk white .
A man in a blue shirt holding a camera .
a girl wearfing pink swings over a creek .
The young soccer player enjoys the game .
A snowboarder launches off a ramp .
Woman in blue bikini wearing a " free hugs " sign .
A dog in the snow carrying a tree limb in its mouth .
Two women crossing the street on a cold day
A person on a ladder with a baby underneath .
A muzzled animal jumps over a metal bar and splashes through the mud .
A boat with two fishermen sits peacefully on the lake .
Basketball players shoot for a goal during a game .
A brown god relaxes on a brick sidewalk .
A man is rock climbing high in the air .
Two young girls wearing goth clothes .
A young boy gets ready to swing his baseball bat .
a dog jumps over a bar with a ball in its mouth .
Two boys running in a giant metal wheel .
Two black dogs run in the sand by a pier .
A group of people dressed as pirates .
A girl plays on a red scooter .
A girl wearing shorts plays jump rope .
Two girls are dancing and one has paper in her hand .
A man wearing a water pack and shorts on an outdoor trail .
Several people are sitting inside a dark art gallery .
a man rowing a ganilla down a watery path
A man wearing goggles snowboards on a half pipe .
A toddler girl in a swing is laughing .
Man riding four-wheel , off-road vehicle in rural area .
Two little dogs run in the field .
a boy jumps into the blue pool water .
A puppy dog is playing with a tennis ball .
The woman on the right is wearing a red scarf .
A orange kitten biting the nose of a child .
A man in a black fedora smiles at the camera .
A group of people gather in front of a historic building
a soccer team poses for a picture .
A man on a motorcycle riding on his back tire .
Two ladies and three men looking at the ocean .
Two snowboarders in a snowy scene .
people are at a costume party .
A man walks on a sidewalk and a firetruck is nearby .
A boy swinging on a tire swing .
A group of children are petting a white dog on the grass .
A child is happily playing on the slide .
a woman in orange throws her hand in the air .
A man is playing with a black and white dog .
A BMX biker performing a wall-ride on a ramp .
Boy playing with a truck .
A man talking on a cellphone is holding a blue banner .
A group of young boys playing soccer .
Two boys with red-hair and glasses stand on a table and fight .
A grown man and a topless girl are dancing .
A masked man helps burn a flag .
A girl is playing in the mud near a car .
A little boy runs around while others look at a stage .
A man in an ampitheater talking to a boy .
A large man sits in a military accessories store .
Two women in Japanese dress walk down the street .
two guy standing on horses , while a crowd watches
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth .
A small girl smiling on the beach .
A tennis player is carrying a tennis racket .
Three dogs are running in the water on the beach .
A surfer is jumping a wave .
a group of girls sitting in a circle
Someone climbs an indoor climbing wall .
Three boys play tag on the beach .
Two dogs playing on the shore .
Three children are pulling faces on a purple bench .
A small dog chases after a large brown cow .
A white and tan dog runs through the tall green grass .
A woman walking , wearing a green shirt and jeans
A man with multicolored hair wearing a weird outfit
A man climbs up a sheer wall of ice .
Girl poses on couch on suburban lawn .
A young boy sitting on a water jet in a pool .
A young child sits on the floor and leans against a map to eat .
A dog leaps over a red and blue jump .
Two people at the bowling alley .
A tan dog plays with a tennis ball while rolling around in the grass .
A dirt biker flies through the air .
a dog about to jump to catch a Frisbee
A family sitting on rocks posing for the camera .
A man wakeboards on choppy water .
The mountaintop is filled with snow .
Two terrier dogs frolic on the beach .
A man with no shirt is playing tennis .
A sled-dog team works hard on this snowy trail .
A yellow dog is walking along a mountain trail
A football player in blue grabs a football player in white for a tackle .
A soccer player in a white shirt kicked a goal .
A child playing in the beach sand during a sunset .
A girl wrings out a wet shirt .
a man in black shorts is boxing against and man in white shorts .
A man on a tag line going into the water .
A snowboarder is in the air .
A group of people looking at sound equipment .
Someone climbs a rocks .
Two black dogs are swimming in a pool .
A group of people sing and dance at a concert .
A child is playing ice hockey
A rock climber climbs in between two very large rocks .
A young man skateboards at night by a fence .
A boy is leaping while his sister plays around a hose .
Grayish dog is playing Frisbee in the yard .
A woman in a red shirt with her arm raised .
Three Orca whales jump in a pool at seaworld .
a brown and white dog chasing a ball on some grass .
A boy in a blue shirt runs while smiling .
Little boy is drinking out of a glass at a picnic .
A small dog bites a ladies fingers .
People mingling at colorful fair .
A woman holds a fat baby with sunglasses and a denim hat .
A wrinkled dog wading in shallow water .
A brown dog jumps over an obstacle .
A boy with a backpack sits on a trail and points .
Two dogs fighting , one is black , the other beige .
Ladies in bright dresses are crossing the road .
Two young children play with colored balls .
A gray dog wearing a blue long-sleeved zip-up jacket .
A man riding a bike wearing a green shirt with a drink in his hand .
A girl bending backwards holding her hat .
A man is up in the air with one hand on a bull .
A white dog jumps in the water to catch a tennis ball .
A portrait of Einstein is painted on statue of a polar bear .
Collie making a jump over a yellow hurdle .
a group of children playing in a sprinkler
The little girl is running and laughing .
A man dressed in camouflage riding a motorbike
A group of children in blue clothes stand by a gate .
Skateboarder jumping down stairs of building .
Asian woman in white coat takes photo .
A little girl with a hat playing ball with her mom .
Woman standing , with a child on a swing .
An empty seat at a Mexican themed restaurant .
two people swim in the water at sunset .
Three greyhounds racing on a track
A bunch of people at a train station .
A dog is playing with a ball on the grass .
Fluffy gray dog running in a field
A man in a white hat plays guitar on a stage .
A man plays a bagpipe while another checks on the instrument .
some wakeboarders riding waves on a beach busy with tourists
Small dog running through a field .
A young boy wearing a light blue jacket walks across the brick patio .
Two women in white shirts talking .
Kids work at computers with a teacher 's help .
A dog stands in a tide pool
a surfer rides up the wave .
Three women dressed up in green and shamrocks .
A girl playing on a parachute .
A child playing on a playground play set .
These men are smoking outside a gray building .
a motorcyclist jumping on a ramp
Someone in shorts is somersaulting in front of a crowd .
Man watching four dogs play on the beach
A boy wearing brown running in dirt .
A dog carrying something blue and running .
Children sit in a classroom holding slates .
a dog is making a splash in a blue paddling pool .
A man with sunglasses and a woman with a hat are in front of a car .
A dog running on a beach .
Two young women are leaning up against a wooden wall .
a old man walks down the uncrowded road .
A little girl in a swing laughs .
A naked cyclist in body paint rides at a fair .
A dog looking up in a grassy field .
Dog sniffing another dog lying under furniture .
a dog jumps over a fence , while two other dogs watch .
A surfer in a black wetsuit rides a wave .
A black dog stands in the surf holding a red rubber ball .
A snowboarder going over a cliff .
The woman wearing a red bow walks past a bicycle .
A woman is wearing a blue headscarf and a blue sweater .
two little girls dancing on the floor
A boy with lips messy from eating fruit
One young girl pushing a toy while her twin sister looks on .
A man stands in the snow as the sun sets .
A man on horseback on a grassy field in front of mountains .
A man in a knit cap stands next to a brick wall .
a dog catches black Frisbee .
Two men help an injured player on the field .
Man filiming a man with sunglasses at the beach .
The young boy is pretend playing with boxes .
Rollerbladers roll in formation down a hill .
A family of five is watching a performer standing on a stepstool .
A man is wading in a river .
A black dog with a purple collar running .
A skateboarder performs a skateboard trick against a graffiti wall .
A man sits in his tent on a mountain .
Someone is suspended from electrical wires .
Two children are dressed as pirates .
A collie running through the snow .
A woman skiing
A brown dog jumps through three hoops .
A large dog walks along a gravel path in the woods .
A black and white dog jumping in a yard .
A group of people are walking while holding numerous baskets and rugs .
a lone person walking in the distance on a long beach .
Two little boys are sitting on a clump of dirt .
Men play rugby .
A large white bird swoops over water .
A boy jumps over another boy on a trampoline .
A race cars muffler catches on fire .
Three men , one in a red and white shirt , are sitting together .
Two men play a game beneath a shade .
A woman stands in a crowd holding a camera .
A barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .
Four girls in evening attire pose for a picture .
A small white and black dog jumping in the snow
Two women and a child celebrating at a nighttime party .
A man on a bike is jumping off a dirt ramp .
A man windsurfs in the ocean .
The hiker is following a trail uphill .
White dog high jumping over some pillows .
A Miami basketball player dribbles by an Arizona State player .
One little boy dribbles his basketball .
A brown and white dog with a Frisbee in his mouth .
A boy in a baseball uniform runs the bases .
A dog swimming though water holding a stick .
A dog is running through a pond
A little girl on a piece of playground equipment
A picture of a group of peoples ' feet .
A soccer player in black shorts is jumping into the air .
A man and a woman at the waterfront .
A bike rider catches air near a ramp .
a child on a spinning wheel holding on for dear life
A man stands on top of a submerged elephant .
Group of people standing in the town square looking up .
A skier catches air over the snow .
Two boys play with two dogs next to the ocean .
A young man dives into water .
A lady sitting on a front porch reading a book .
A small girl blows a whistle .
A dog is being sprayed with water .
A girl dances with adults in the sand .
two people wearing skis on chairlift
Two people riding a motorcycle .
A small white bird looks at a small object .
The two small dogs run through the grass .
a boy with a blue helmet is riding a bike
The cricketer is swinging a bat in the air .
little kid in red pooh shirt getting wet
A man and woman pose for the video camera that they are holding .
a boy plays with a noodle by the pool .
A man and a woman looking at a red sculpture .
A man rides his blue bike high in the air over a park .
A surfer rides a wave in a clear blue ocean .
a woman holding a small ball chasing after a small boy .
Two young children bouncing on balls .
A white man with dreadlocks walks down the sidewalk .
Two dogs are jumping on an empty beach with waves .
A boy riding a tobaggan down a snowy hill
A martial artist breaks ice with a kick .
A classroom of students watching a presentation .
A black dog running in a backyard
A person rides a dirt bike .
The small dog wearing a tutu stands on its hind legs .
A girl peeks through the leaves on a tree .
The two children swinging together on a swing .
A little boy is jumping out of the pool .
Two little children and one is playing with a slinky .
A young girl in a pink dress is dancing .
A beige puppy walks across the floor .
A dog is playing catch on the grassy plain
The dog leaps into the air in a field .
Two people in green sit in an otherwise empty stadium .
The man is climbing up a steep snowy mountain .
A dirt bike rider is in the air pulling off a trick .
Two girls laughing outside in a yard .
Two boys are jumping into a pool .
A man on ski has jumped in a tree while another man is watching
A group of people on skis with two dogs .
Man paddling a yellow canoe on a river .
A man and a dog running across shallow water on a beach .
a man holding up a picture of two people suffering
Boy in blue helmet riding bike with feet on handlebars .
Serena Williams hitting a ball in an orange outfit
Man riding a dirt bike on a dirt track .
A boy jumps into water fully clothed .
Boys play soccer near a goal post .
A skateboarder without a shirt grabs his board in the air .
Two children are skating quickly on ice .
Two little kids play on a pebble covered beach .
A boy in a yellow shirt is walking on a beach holding a surfboard .
Two children playing in a river near a wooden bridge .
People are watching a snowboarder perform a trick in the air .
A dog runs through the deep snow .
Two people sitting in a blue room with ratty wooden seats and tables .
Three students standing together in front of a stairway .
Two dogs run through a field .
A man rows his boat below .
Peoople stand outside a building near a street .
A black dog jumping off a dock into water .
Two people climb rocks over some water .
The mountain are light tan in color .
Marching bands in formation on a field .
Some people look to cross the street in front of a drug store .
People walking down a sidewalk on a beach .
Two little girls practice martial arts .
A girl with a nose ring , earring , and Mohawk .
A person wearing a striped shirt is walking on a hill .
A little boy is jumping into an outdoor kiddie pool
A boy making a face while sitting in his car seat
Woman in green dress being observed
dog with a red collar on a trampoline
A young woman crosses a bridge through a field of tall grass .
A dog is chewing on a metal pole .
An older man examines produce .
A little girl is sliding down a tunnel smiling .
A bull stands in a field , next to a red car .
A pale dog is running along a dirt path .
Three women in headscarves examine a camera .
Where is the rest of his racket ?
A man jumps off a wooden structure .
Men playing soccer in a field
A bicyclist doing a trick on a ramp .
A brown dog with a purple Frisbee in its mouth .
Boy with toy gun pointed at the camera .
Kid wearing a paper crown sitting in a shopping cart .
A three dog sled team pulls an unusual tricycle sled .
A child in an orange shirt with a book .
White fluffy dog running in the dirt .
a large green fish jumps out of the water .
Two thin dogs are running fast through tall dry grass .
A man stands on his head in front of a crowd .
A dog rolling in the grass .
The dogs are running through the water
A woman tries to cross the road before a man on a red scooter .
A little boy in blue is running through a pile of brown leaves .
A man stands by a building while others are nearby .
A child jumping in the air with his or her shirt flying open .
A woman in blue has a yellow ball in her mitt .
Four people pose upclose for the camera .
The skier moves down the hill on a beautiful day .
Three dogs playing with a toy in the snow .
bird is taking off out of the water
A boy in a blue life jacket jumps into the water .
Two women in sparkling bikinis are posing
person on a wakeboard in the air
A dog , wearing a number 8 , running in a race .
A woman is holding a little girl who is trying to catch bubbles .
Cricket player with red cap hits the ball outdoors .
A woman in a red shirt holding a cellphone .
A naked toddler is covering a naked baby with paint .
Two skiers stand , two sit on slopes .
A dog and a cow are on a rocky slope .
A dog jumps for a Frisbee at the Purina Incredible Dog Challenge .
A blue Land Rover is driving across a river .
A dog is jumping up at a man wearing a search and rescue jacket .
A black dog is running quickly along the ground .
Two people sunbathe beside water .
A dog running along a fence on a dirt track .
A young boy holding a basketball about to shoot .
Three women are posing for a photo in front of a christmas tree
A dirt biker pushes his motorcycle up a rock while another rider watches .
A white dog leaps to catch an object .
Two men paddling a canoe down a narrow stream .
A topless male does a handstand on a beach .
A group of people gathered to watch fireworks .
A lady and a man with no shirt sit on a dock .
A young girl is staring at a large milkshake in a glass .
The girl is running into the ocean from the shore .
Three girls in colorful outfits are dancing under a stage light .
A boy points at something while a man looks .
A black and white dog is catching a Frisbee in the yard .
A dog leaps out of the water .
The young man is waiting with others on the sidewalk .
A black man and his dog on the beach .
A little boy slides down a red slide .
A dog rolls on his back in the grass .
Two dogs playing on a rocky beach .
Two dogs running through a field .
A child doing a handstand on the beach .
A black and white dog jumps for a tennis ball .
A small white dog walks through a yellow tube .
A boy poses in karate form and uniform .
A group of men hold up a man to get a rugby ball .
The snow borader is riding a rail .
An airborne dog on a leash with a woman .
Two men are sitting by a campfire .
A loan runner participates in a race in the rain .
A black dog chases birds on the shoreline
A girl is getting ready to swing the club .
A child stands underneath a snow-covered tree .
A quad sends dirt flying into the air .
A man plays a drum and a little boy hits his own , little drum .
A man who has fallen asleep on public transportation .
A white dog with a spot on his eye running through a meadow .
A little girl in a pink shirt about to cry
a woman with glasses and a pink hat rides her bike .
A woman crosscountry skiing , with a brown dog .
A kid walks on a snowy hill with their arms out .
A man is standing on a rock in front of a mountainous area .
A boat suspended by a cable over the water .
Two dogs are standing together on a patio .
Man in denim hat wearing dark sunglasses .
Teen grinding a bench on a skateboard
A group of dogs , chickens and a turkey stand by a bucket .
A surfer is riding a wave .
A man sits on a bench on a San Diego street .
A young boy is completing a jump on a skateboard .
A black dog and a white dog playing in the street .
Man dresses up in Hawaiian garb at a local parade .
A man sits on the stairs next to his bike .
Person doing a skateboard stunt
Tree in the foreground , two men playing golf in the background .
a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack .
A trainer giving water to a boxer in the corner .
Two woman stand near a stroller in a dark building .
Two girls in red costumes play together .
A boy in a dusty alley playing stickball .
A white dog in the snow running with an object in its mouth
Some people ride their kayaks down the river .
A kicker launches the football forward while the holder checks his fingers .
A man in wetsuit jumps towards a wet bride .
A group of men in a yellow boat with their dogs .
A man dressed in brown holding a light saber .
A young boy is getting ready to hit a baseball .
A girl is climbing a rock while someone is filming her .
A girl is hanging on the fence watching a horse .
A child is waiting on the beach holding a boogie board .
A boy in a green shirt above something blue .
Two dogs meeting near the water 's edge
A woman playing an acoustic guitar with a microphone
The person wearing the red hard hat is on the mountain .
Two boys in a field kicking a soccer ball .
A small boy stands on a cement stump in a park with his hands on his head .
A couple in a restaurant are holding hands .
A brown dog leaps into the water .
a man lighting a cigarette near a dumpster in an ally .
People standing in front of a subway train .
A man repels down a cliff over water .
A dog is trotting through a shallow stream
A policeman stands in front of an SUV .
A small child wears goggles near a pool .
an old man , with a gray beard , riding his bike
A young woman sips a coffee and reads a book .
A dog runs through a lush , green lawn .
Three dogs , one of whom has a blue ball .
Swimmer does backstroke in swimming lane .
A dog is wading in the water .
Four small children sit on tall stools at a restaurant bar .
a person is sliding down a brick rail on a snowboard .
The boy wearing a black shirt and blue jeans is holding a red baseball bat .
A large brown dog and a large black and white dog running together
A woman and a naked child wade into the ocean .
An Indian chief in full dress .
Man is diving onto his wakeboard .
A group of friends play in a lake .
A child dressed for the cold sits in the snow .
A snowboarder is in midair doing a trick .
A woman wading through a pool in front of a waterfall .
A man standing by a building corner and reading a newspaper .
A person is diving into clear blue water .
A brown and white dog on the beach .
A dog with a blue ball running in a field .
Two women dressed in leather are standing on a city street .
A small dog jumps by a car to reach a lady 's face while another dog watches .
Two people walking on the beach at sunset .
A white dog with a loose leash is on a dirt road
Three women standing on a city street .
Two boys talking while wearing unique outfits .
A motorcyclist navigates a forest trail .
Two figures are walking by a pond .
A man scales a rock climbing wall .
A small white dog is running across a grassy field .
Two dogs playing with each other .
On a beach , black and brown dog runs , brown dog jumps .
A boy stands on a rail with his arms outstretched .
a smiling toddler in a pink swimsuit is laying in the water .
A man in swimming trunks is standing against some rocks .
A yellow dog stands on his hind legs .
A skier is on a snow covered hill .
Some people playing paintball .
The Miami basketball player is looking .
A girl poses with her head upside down .
A skateboarder flies off the stairs .
A surfer going through a wave .
A large group of people sitting near a shipping container .
People in orange vests are rowing with great effort .
Some children are raising their hands and clapping .
A little boy holds a spoon up to his mouth .
The biker in blue is going around a corner .
A boy is brake dancing as a crowd watches .
A single person rowing a small boat on a lake .
A man is lying on the grass next to a shopping cart .
A man wearing all black and a black hat is smiling .
A football player in blue and one in red play in a game .
a kid standing in the middle of a dirt road
A person is standing on skis in the snow with a dog .
A man is kite surfing away from the camera .
A football player from OU talks to the coach about the game .
A slender dog checks out a snowy patch of land .
Man with blue pants flipping in the air .
A baseball player catches the ball while the batter reaches the base .
A playful dog is running through the grass .
a large woman puts her sunglasses on .
A boy takes a flying leap into the water .
The man in white is playing basketball against the man in blue .
A man with a bushy beard and pink shirt is smiling .
A dog stands on his hind legs amid a shower of tennis balls .
