Two brown dogs wrestle in the snow .
Small dog is paddling through the water in a pool .
Two people are dancing with drums on the right and a crowd behind them .
Three people are sitting at an outside picnic bench with an umbrella .
A man is wearing a Sooners red football shirt and helmet .
A dog runs across a grassy lawn near some flowers .
an Asian boy and an Asian girl are smiling in a crowd of people .
Brown and white dog yawning .
A black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth .
Four men playing basketball , two from each team .
A woman is making a statue pretend to kiss her hand beside four boys at a bench .
There is a man , wearing a yellow shirt , and grimacing .
A white dog rolling on its back on a porch .
A man stands at a busy bus stop .
A woman with her backpack sits on a large rock and looks down over the mountains .
A man is tying a red arm band around another man 's arm in the street .
Two dogs are playing ; one is catching a Frisbee .
A boy is inside holding something on top of his head .
Two brown dogs run through the grass together .
The man in the black hat is sitting on the floor beside the green door .
A man reaches the top of a tall sand dune .
Three boys in a building under construction .
A crowd of people wearing jackets and holding signs .
Young man is performing a trick on a skateboard in a park .
A blue car splashes mud on a dirt road while driving through a puddle .
A busy city street with many people walking along it .
A little girl wearing sunglasses puts her feet into the kitchen sink .
A man with a pug dog bends over to pick something off the sidewalk .
A man is climbing the side of a mountain .
The woman in the dark coat is facing the camera , while the man in the blue shirt faces away .
The red and white football team is talking with the officials .
These helmeted people are rock climbing outdoors .
A woman dressed in green is playing with her tan dog .
A person in a parachute sliding across the water .
a dog runs through the long grass .
A woman wearing a red coat smiles down at the camera .
A girl with her leg out on a lawn .
A dog is crouching on the grass near a hurdle .
A basketball player wearing a black and white uniform dribbles the ball .
A dark-skinned man walks by a woman talking on a cellphone .
A small child squats and puts dirt into his mouth .
A group of people walking a city street in warm weather .
A young girl falls asleep in her father 's arms while seated on an airplane .
A boy climbing a rocky area .
Three men stand on a mountain looking at another .
A young boy is caught making a mess of his room .
The breakdancer is wearing a white shirt and gray pants .
A man measures the depth of snow .
A black dog with brown on his face is swimming .
A little girl is walking along a line of logs on a sandy beach .
A boy jumped up from the green bed .
Three basketball players leap to grab a ball .
A little girl is covered in a towel at a swimming pool .
Two students walk down a street , holding hands .
A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience .
A dog splashing in a small pool with a small football .
Two children swing around in a tire swing at a park .
A young man leaps through the air from a rocky mountaintop .
A black dog walks along an ocean front .
A homeless man in a white cap is standing behind large , orange cones .
A man and a woman share a kiss on the beach .
A young child stands on a wood dock next to the water .
A motorcycle rider drives fast around a curve on a track .
These people are playing basketball outdoors .
Two blond women sit beside their bicycles in the grass beside a body of water .
Two men and a woman standing near a doorway .
A man is waterskiing on one ski and jumping out of the water .
Two white and brown dogs playing on a beach .
An older man is sitting on a red bench with a younger man .
The dog with the red collar is white , black , and brown .
A group of people on the sidelines of an ATV race .
White and black dog jumping over red-haired dog in grass .
Some women in white perform on a stage .
A boy jumping off of a dock while his friend watches
A little girl wearing a pink shirt jumps off a swing .
A man rides a yellow bike over a ramp while others watch .
A young girl is wearing a purple shirt and pink headband .
a lone snowboarder jumping in the air doing a trick .
Three young girls dance on the beach in the sand .
The little boy wearing no shirt is running by a crowd of people .
A woman in jeans rock climbing .
One child is pointing to the sky and another is trying to block the sun to look
A motocross bike is being ridden over rocks .
Kids play in a rocky area .
Three skydivers are in formation above the clouds .
A blond woman in black jeans is sitting on a wall examining her nails .
Two white , long-haired dogs playing in the ocean
A woman holds the hand of a small girl and points towards the bushes .
A black and white dog is running through a cow field .
A boy plays with sparklers at night .
Two young boys eating red and blue popcycles .
A big white dog and a small black dog sit in the snow .
A black and white dog is running on the beach .
The girl in yellow is laughing at the girl wearing orange whilst being watched by the girl in blue .
A basketball player preparing to shoot the ball
A boy carries a huge snake around his neck outside .
A boy in a purple shirt tosses orange balls on a lawn .
A policeman wearing a green vest blows his whistle and moves his arms .
A boy with an oar walks out of the surf and onto a beach .
Two brown bears touching , face to face , with mouths open .
several multicolored dogs running through the grass .
A man is hanging by a line off a cliff above water .
three young woman jumping into the air to catch a ball .
A musician and a crowd next to stage full of musical instruments .
a young person playing in the snow with two black dogs .
The skinny brown dog is walking on a fallen tree .
Two men are standing on the street covered in graffiti .
A surfer rides a wave under a red bridge .
A child wearing black and purple playing baseball .
Two elderly people walk down a city sidewalk by words written in chalk .
A little girl runs on the wet sand near the ocean .
A woman plays with long red ribbons in an empty square .
Two runners are at the starting line getting ready to race .
A black dog and a white dog are wrestling on the ground .
The little girl in her bathing suit stands near the sprinkers and squeals .
The girl is jumping on a trampoline , outdoors in a backyard .
Two dogs are outside near patio furniture .
A man in swim trunks and a red life vest jet skiing .
People and several dogs in a swimming pool in a park like setting .
Five dogs are racing on a dirt track .
A boy in a green soccer outfit hangs from a machine .
two black poodles fighting .
A girl in a white dress walks next to a girl in a blue dress .
A girl sits patiently as another one draws henna on her .
A man with a stick in his left hand in a field
A person is laughing on a roller coaster ride .
A baby is holding a small black flag with a moon and a star on it .
A dog stands on a beach at sunset .
A young , fit man wearing short does a high right kick in the air .
Two young girls run through a pool while water sprays them .
A little girl hugs another little girl .
A sunset sky over rippling water .
A man skis down a snowy hill .
Dogsled rider pulled past flags on snowy hill .
A girl wearing a yellow shirt and sunglasses smiles .
A black and white dog is chasing a ping Frisbee .
a bird flies low to the ground .
A man performing a skateboard jump off the top of a ramp .
A man squeezes between two rock formations .
A man , a woman , a girl , and a younger girl look puzzled and concerned .
One child lifts another on his back , inside a room .
A person on a motorcyle does a stunt in the air .
A young child wearing a bike helmet rides a two wheel bike .
Two small dogs , light and dark colored , fighting on leaves .
A white dog with a black collar runs in the snow .
A woman with a camera on a tripod is smiling for another camera .
The boy laughed as he swam in the pool .
A boy is about to jump into the water .
A young man jumps up off his skateboard on the street in front of a house .
An older man wearing a black jacket standing outside .
A dark dog is competing in a dog show competition .
Two babies sitting on a playmat reaching for something
a group of people inside a building that overlooks a large mountain
Smiling boy in tube , extending had toward camera .
The boy sits in the sand with no shirt .
The little boy is taking a picture with the camera .
The boy is wearing a cardboard scuba mask at the restaurant .
Boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment .
A small black child plays on an outdoor jungle gym .
Three men play ball in a field .
A football player in red and white is talking to a coach .
A woman with a pink sweater is smiling as she holds a child .
A boy on the beach casts a fishing pole in the water .
Two identically dressed young children jump outside .
A mountain skier heads down a mountain .
There is a person scaling a very steep rock wall .
Orange dog with knotted white rag on grass .
A boy in his blue swim shorts at the beach .
A tatooed person shakes their hair and beats a drum .
a small black and white dog running through the grass with a tennis ball in his mouth
A man holding himself with one arm i front of a store .
Onlookers watch a German Shepherd climb steps on an obstacle course .
A man and a little girl are sitting on a sidewalk near a blue bag eating .
A black dog carrying some seaweed out of the water .
A couple is walking away while an infant sleeps on the father 's shoulders .
Man in brown jacket leading black horse
A woman in holding up a newspaper headline reading " Real Change . "
A person on a parasail jumps off a wave .
A brown and black dog on a leash is sniffed by a black and white dog .
A group of women ; one serious , one frowning , and another smiling .
A young boy wearing a red uniform lines up to kick a soccer ball .
Two dogs wrestle in the grass .
A little girl throws a pink and yellow chunk of chalk .
A crowd of dark-skinned people standing outside of white tents .
Two kids ride their bikes by the ocean , in the evening .
A boy in swim trunks screams while being sprayed with water .
A boy in black winter clothes sits on an inflated sled by a mound of snow .
Several people ride up an escalator .
A dog wearing a red harness runs across a field
A pack of black dogs running in grass .
The man is looking at watermelons for sale outside of a bank .
Little girl , upside down on swing .
A dog bites an object offered by a person .
One child with a colourful toy and another child reaching up .
A man wearing a red shirt is skateboarding .
The boy runs with the basketball while looking up .
A man takes a nap on the sidewalk in a busy city .
Two people read a sign in front of a museum .
An older woman with blond-hair rides a bicycle down the street .
A man with a green pack using his pole to point to snowcapped mountains .
a young girl lifting her wet hair out of a white bucket
A woman leaning her head on the shoulder of another woman .
Man stands outside against wall with tennis racket in dark .
Two women with blue and white uniforms playing floor hockey
A woman in red shorts is writing on a tablet .
Two dogs look at something splashing in the water .
A boxy building , A group of trees , a church at sunset .
A large group of Asian children sit on or stand near steps .
Girl is wading through the gray ocean .
A young boy wearing a red bathing suit reaches for a soccer ball .
Two motocross bikes are being raced around a dirt track .
Man in black waits at crossing signal near large brick building .
A white boat is cruising near a large city backdrop .
A little girl jumps rope through a parking lot
A girl with a bucket of water is being chased by a boy with a bucket of water .
Two men with fishing rods are standing on a shore
Little kids playing with sparklers at night .
A girl wearing a dress is blowing bubbles at a dock .
A brown dog is swimming through water with an orange ball in its mouth .
Two small dogs pursuing a ball across a grassy field .
A woman with a helmet riding a bike .
A man and a woman are carrying bags down an empty street .
Kids play on a skateboarding ramp in front of some trees .
A man fiddles with a shopping bag outside near a shopping cart .
A man in shorts climbs a rock face .
Two little girls and an adult watch bubbles float through the air in front of them .
Three small dogs , two of which are sniffing noses .
A man jumping on his bmx with another bmxer watching .
A dog , lying down , tethered to the side mirror of a yellow VW bus .
two hikers in the snow adjusting rope equipment
A yellow dog swims towards a waterfall .
A black and brown dog with a tan dog on a cement path in front of grass
A skateboarder is performing a jump from a wooden bench .
A little girl splashes in a pool of water .
a young child carrying a doll in a stroller
a young blond girl standing in front of a large fenced in fountain
A girl is swinging and looking down with her hair flying .
A little boy holds a bat in the air waiting on the ball .
A surfer is 90 degrees to the water
Man on top of a mountain with his arms in the air .
Smiling bald , black man in sunglasses and a t-shirt .
A black dog running after his rope toy .
A woman in a headdress is holding a little boy wearing blue .
A white and black dog chases after a decoy-animal on a string .
A man stands at the entrance of Yerba Buena Center for the Arts .
A skateboarder is balancing on the rail of stairs .
Four dogs play together outside with sticks .
A gray dog is shaking water from its body .
A shot-on-goal action photo of soccer players in red and black uniforms .
A wet black dog leaps across a stream .
A curly clack dog is running down a natural path .
A blond-haired child in a black outfit and red belt doing karate .
A woman taking pictures of the surf and a child in the foreground .
A person looking to the right standing between plants in buckets and a banana box .
A child running with a snowboard on a snow covered surface .
two people running on the shore of a beach
boy pushing wagon with two pumpkins in it
A man in gray on a rocky cliff , overlooking the mountains .
A black lab jumps off a dock into a pond .
A girl going towards a heard of sheep .
The iguanas wrestled along the rocky water bank .
A boy dressed in soccer attire and holding his shoes getting out of a car .
Three dogs are playing rough in a sandy field .
A person is standing on jagged rocks above the water below .
Several people work on a machine .
A guy on a bicycle midair above a ramp , doing a trick .
A woman next to a dog which is running an obstacle course .
The man in the black hat holds the brown hair woman 's necklace .
The boy in blue and white pajamas is sitting at the table eating .
Two girls in puffy skirts are dancing in front of some musicians in the street .
A boy in a striped shirt and hat does tricks on the steps .
A boy throws red and orange leaves into the air .
A smiling boy slides down a rope while hanging on .
A person in blue on a bike in midair .
A young man in a black shirt is holding a Free Hugs sign .
The man is walking towards a group of people on a long dirt road .
A snowboarder wearing a green jacket jumps above a low gate .
A boy crawling through a cement pipeline
A brown , black , and tan dog run in the ocean .
Pictures on a white brick wall with a smiling man standing in front of the wall .
A little kid , with a red toy , is sitting on a tire .
A blond child runs down a sand dune while another looks on .
a young children hanging upside at the playground
a football player wearing an orange jersey holding a football
The boy is whispering in the girls ear .
A white dog jumps to catch a blue ball in a living room .
A dog chasing a deer in a field of yellow flowers .
The brown dog is taking a drink while wading in the water .
A young girl is sliding down a slide at a playground .
A man in a striped shirt is demonstrating a product .
Man reading a newspaper at an outdoors restaurant .
A group of people sit at a table in front of a large building .
Blond woman overlooking Seattle Space Needle scene .
A man is walking in a field behind two donkeys .
An adult is pulling a child out of a ball pit .
A white and black dog in a hallway filled with potted plants .
A man rides a bike through a course .
three dogs are running across the grass near to a blue industrial building .
A woman is sliding down a water slide with a little boy on her lap .
The large brown and white dog shakes off water .
Three men in orange robes holding metal pots .
Many children playing outside in the grass practicing punching .
A man and a woman sit on a rock beside a street .
A black and tan dog standing in a field near trees
A young girl posing for a photo while standing in a tree .
A brown dog jumps over a wire fence and another dog follows him .
A man stands on a street corner with a small child looking at a sign .
A black and white dog plays in the water .
Two girls enjoy corn on the cob while sitting on a curb .
A surfer in all black is riding a wave .
Someone is pulling an inflatable boat with an oar in it .
A blond dog runs down a flight of stairs to the backyard .
A young laughing girl and a boy are playing on a big drum .
A baby in pink , striped clothing is sitting near an older lady wearing red and black .
Snowboarder in the air performing a stunt .
A dog waits for a man to throw a ball into the ocean .
A black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth .
A baby playing in the dirt with a bucket and shovel .
A man riding a brown horse poses in front of a mountain scene .
Three cyclists ride through cordoned pathway near woods .
a young man wearing a white helmet climbing up a rock wall
Two women crouch near a small child at a medieval fair .
A girl whipping water from her hair in a lake
A dark-skinned man plays a blue guitar on the street .
Two young men in sunglasses and white suits raise their arms and smile in a bar .
A white dog with a muzzle is running on the grass .
Some people are gathered by a mound of snow outside a house .
A woman covering her eyes in a park as the day comes to an end
A dog in a yellow jersey is running a race .
A group of people stand together and pose in front of a house .
The dog team is pulling the man on the sled .
The white dog is wading in the pond atop the mountain .
the man is pedaling the tiny bike down the steps .
A person swinging on a swing
The man leading cyclist through the city streets is butt naked .
An older couple posing in front of a fountain for a picture
A blond woman in a blue shirt appears to wait for a ride .
A shirtless man with a dog next to him talking to a shirtless girl slouching on a bench .
People at park sitting on benches and a woman taking care of her child in the stroller .
A person on a bicycle moving across the top of a train .
a middle-aged woman climbs a mountain .
A girl in a blue sweater sits on a person 's shoulders and carries a pinwheel .
The skateboarder is jumping over a ramp .
Two indian children are being squirted by a jet of water .
A man reaches toward dunking a basketball while an audience watches .
A woman holds a baby while a boy sits next to her smiling .
A dog corners a little girl next to a police cruiser .
A man puts his motorcycle up on its rear wheel on a track .
There is a man with a black shirt and a black hat smiling .
A big dog holds its paw out to keep another dog at bay .
A girl smiles as she runs across the white sandy beach in her swimsuit .
Group of young men posing and holding cans .
Three children in neon colors play soccer while young man watches
Mother with two boys , one acting goofy and the other giving her a kiss .
Three dogs playing in the snow .
Two muzzled racing dogs running along track .
Dog performing during an outdoor dog show .
A shirtless man in a pink hat is standing on a rocky shore .
A lady in an orange dress rides a ride at the fair .
Two dogs run down a dirt path in the forest .
seven people are riding a green raft in a white water river .
A woman dressed in black and pink has a large tattoo on her back .
Man on a motorcycle performing a trick high in the air .
A man in a red shirt standing next to a woman in a black shirt with a car in the background .
A dog walks through the snow .
The boy wearing white is leaping from the swing .
a skier is throwing up snow as he skis off piste .
A brown dog leaps into water from a rock .
Two children play on the bed with a remote control .
A man riding an orange and white motorcycle .
The man in red has the football , and the team in white is nearby .
A group of ten people posing outside of a classic-style building
A young girl is playing in a fountain of water .
A white dog rests its head on the patio bricks .
A barefoot and shirtless skateboarder rides along a road .
Two Pomeranian dogs playing in the snow .
Onlookers watch a white stock car that has smoke coming out of the back .
A man wearing a red shirt is climbing up the rock wall .
A girl in a hooded jacket presents a cake with candles .
A little boy is jumping into the kiddie pool in the backyard .
two young children riding on a bike down a dirt road through a puddle .
Young man and woman stretch out on stones , packages in foreground .
A terrier dog and a mixed breed dog playing .
Men wearing sunglasses with their backs turned to the camera .
A bike rider in green jersey races along a road .
An airplane is flying over the mountain trying to extinguish a fire .
Two dogs wearing sweaters play in the grass .
A man in a blue outfit is swinging a sword in the air .
A boy doing a flip in the air at the beach .
Two guys walking , one carrying a skateboard
Two girls are fighting over a ball during a game .
A person with dreadlocks and a red hat with their face covered by a red bandanna
There is an ice hockey game in progress .
A woman plays guitar by a round light .
A dog is chewing on someone 's finger .
three children are locked in a cage .
a man in a red jacket stands next to a yellow kayak on rocks by the ocean .
A boy wearing sunglasses on his head looks at the camera .
A man and a woman walk past a red car with a silver hood ornament
A white dog is running through the water at a beach
Two children on the beach silhouetted by the setting sun .
A child is smiling while being on a swing .
A man sitting on public transportation .
three black dogs and a white dog are standing in the snow .
A dog walking into a lake with reeds in the background
Two light brown dogs are tugging at a blue toy in front of a blue shed .
A black dog is running across a rocky landscape .
A person floats in water near rocks and a waterfall .
The lady ask the dog to give her the ball on their beach walk .
A little girl in an orange dress is running through the sprinkler in the yard .
two men posing with their legs up with a train in the background
A group of women walk down a street at night .
The dog is running across the gravel .
Two children build a sand castle on the beach .
Two men are standing beside a sign that says " Jesus or hell " .
The young child with red-hair bounced on the trampoline .
A person does a flip by two sailboats and a lake .
A man rides a bicycle while a young girl holds onto the back of him .
Several dogs wearing muzzles are racing on a track .
Child in gray sweatshirt hanging from metal bar
A brown dog is jumping over a tree limb in a wooded area .
A man taking a picture with a silver camera .
A dog reaches to catch a ball with its mouth .
A group of people on a zig zagging path through the mountains
The brown dog is rolling around in the dirt .
A group of people with their backs to the camera and a little girl facing a lady .
A boy wearing a red shirt is splashing water on a woman 's legs .
A dog carrying a stick while walking in water
A dog crossing a river on a bridge made of a fallen tree .
A black and white dog is playing in a pond or creek .
The room full of youths reacts emotionally as they spectate .
one lone fisherman with his line cast out into the river .
A dog stands on the side of a grassy cliff .
A woman snow skiing in a yellow jacket and black pants .
Several children pet a pig while a crowd watches .
A brown dog is panting hard on grass during a sunny day .
A boy in a bathing suit stands in water .
A woman wearing a white glove peers over the crowd .
A bike rider is doing a stunt on a bicycle over a forest .
A group of people gather around a large fountain .
almost 2 dozen people are riding on the outside of a cart down a road
Two women bend over to touch a small kangaroo .
A topless woman is covered in mud .
Two dogs are running towards each other on a beach .
A man in a green shirt and sweater looks at his cellphone .
A person with gray hair wears a red hat and watches it snow .
A man and woman are dancing nearby others who are doing the same .
Several people in a park walking on a low wooden boardwalk .
A man with a Texas flag stands in the snow by tents .
The boys in life jackets smile and laugh while riding in a boat .
Woman in a field of tall grass and wildflowers holding up a yellow scarf
A man flies into the air with his surfboard .
A man dressed in black is surfing on a large blue wave .
A group of six children sit at a wooden table .
A dog trots with a ball in its mouth .
An older woman and an old man sitting down looking unhappy .
A man in a leather jacket and striped shirt points at something off-camera .
A mountain biker is racing through a shaded trail .
The taller man is trying to block the shorter man .
two young girls wearing pink playing on a playground
Small boy sleeping on seats and sucking his thumb .
Child in kiddie pool splashes water , sticks out tongue .
a man wearing a red hat has a potato chip in his mouth
A man is hiking on a mountaintop on a cloudy day .
A small boy with braids runs through a field of tall green grass .
Three people in the snow put their gear in order .
A woman is about to race around a track .
A boy in a striped t-shirt is standing by a tree in front of the picnic tables .
A closeup of an older man with glasses speaking .
a lone parasurfer surfing a huge wave in the ocean .
a group of athletes playing a basketball game
A donkey pulling a cart with a boy in it takes a brake .
A dog is walking through some gravel beside a river .
A group of people are sitting on the steps outside .
Two individuals dressed up like animals are posing for the camera .
Two men sitting on the bank of a lake with an ice chest .
One dog is jumping up at another dog in a grassy field .
The dog stands in the sand near the ocean .
A girl in black high kicks over a jack-o-lantern .
A small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks .
two basketball teams playing a game on the court .
A football player in a yellow jersey is pushing away another player .
A dog wearing an orange vest scampers playfully across the grass .
A dog jumps over the top of an obstacle .
a black and white dog playing in the snow together
One person is on a ski lift while another snowboards .
Two men in western attire with a brown horse kicking into the air .
A skier stands on his hands in the snow in front of a movie camera .
A man scales a rock in the forest .
A costumes woman applies makeup while looking in a mirror .
a surfer is riding his board over a wave .
Boys kicking soccer ball in the grass under a tree
a baby has some grass seeds in his mouth .
A woman wearing a black hat sits on the sand with a rock behind her .
Four people climbing a hill in the snow .
A girl goes down a blue and yellow slide at a park .
a man looks through his binoculars while another man holds a drink .
A little girl paints the ground white outside .
A man in a blue t-shirt holds a camera .
Woman swinging above water while holding a vine .
Two girls in soccer strips are playing on a sports field .
A snowboarder in midair , after jumping a ramp .
A girl in a bikini wears a sign saying " free hugs " .
A brown dog holding a huge stick in its mouth running in the snow .
Two women are bundled up walking through town .
A little baby climbing up the ladder after someone .
a muzzled greyhound wearing the number five is running on a dog track .
Two people are in a canoe on a river in misty conditions .
A group of basketball players wearing yellow and green reach for a ball .
The dog is lying on the cobblestone street .
A man in a pink shirt climbs a rock face
Two girls wearing goth trendy clothing while one looks back at the camera .
a small boy wearing a red shirt swinging a baseball bat
The small yellow and white dog jumps over an obstacle with a tennis ball .
Two boys are running in a spinning tube .
two dogs run across the sand near a boardwalk .
The people are in older looking attire .
A child riding a scooter indoors .
A little girl is jumping over a yellow rope .
Two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing .
A man in a white shirt is standing on a trail in the woods .
Some people are mingling in a room that has photographs all over the walls .
The gondola is poling his boat in the canal .
The snowboarder in the blue pants is performing a trick .
A toddler in a pink shirt in a bucket swing .
A man wearing a white hat is on a red ATV driving on the dirt .
Two white dogs run through the grass .
A boy jumps into a pool on a bright sunny day .
A puppy plays with a tennis ball on a stone path .
A couple kiss outdoors , while another couple watch .
Orange striped kitten biting blond girl on the nose
An old man with blue eyes wears a big black hat .
Tourists are gathering in front of a historic building in winter .
A soccer team wearing red posing together .
The orange rider is driving a motorcycle on one wheel .
Five people standing in front of a body of water .
A man in a white coat jumps a snowboard .
The bloodied man is a hit at the haloween party .
A firetruck with ladder extended on the side of the road .
Young boy swinging on a tire swing .
A group of children gather around a white dog on the grass outside .
A child is holding on to the top of a playground slide .
The woman in the orange shirt has her hand raised .
Man holding a ball while a dog jumps up for it
A young man does tricks with his bike on a course .
The baby in suspenders sits by a toy .
The Obama supporter wears a black jacket and brown hat .
Small children kick a soccer ball on a soccer field .
Two boys wearing brown shirts tug at a rope on a wooden platform .
A shirtless child dances with an adult man .
Some middle eastern people have set an Israeli flag on fire .
Little girl moving quickly on grass beside silver car .
A child plays outdoors , near a group of people who are mostly seated .
The man and the boy are standing at the bottom of the outdoor stairs .
A man sits at a table crowded with military merchandise .
Two women dressed in traditional Japanese clothing
Two men riding three horses wave their arms in the air .
Dog carries stick in mouth while in water .
A child poses wearing glasses near water outside .
The tennis player is wearing a yellow and blue shirt and a blue headband .
Three dogs rush to chase a ball thrown into the surf .
An surfer airborne over a wave .
Little girl in bare feet sitting in a circle .
A teenage boy climbs an indoor climbing wall .
Three boys are running on the beach playing a game .
A gray dog chasing a brown dog in shallow water .
Three young girls are sitting on a bench swing in a park .
A dog chasing an animals tail on the grass .
A small brown and white dog running through tall grass .
A blond woman wearing a green shirt and blue jeans walks away .
Punk rocker buys computer ink in the big-box store .
A man climbing the icicles on a rock face .
A woman lies down on an old couch sitting on the grass .
A young boy in a swimming suit sits in water .
A smiling child sits against a wall on a blanket and eats a snack .
A dog jumps over a red and blue hurdle .
A man in a flower patterned shirt is bowling .
A brown dog is laying on its back on the grass with a ball in its mouth .
Someone in red on a bike is moving in midair .
A black and white dog prepares to catch a Frisbee .
Two adults and two children pose on a pile of rocks .
A man parasails in the choppy water .
A solitary climber on snowy , high mountains .
Two dogs run across the barren ground .
A man swings his racket at a tennis ball .
Several dogs in the snow , all harnessed in a line .
Dog in desert area with distant man in background .
A football player is tackling the player with the football as the crowd watches .
A ball is about to enter a goal at a soccer match .
Someone paddles a small boat across a still lake at sunset .
A girl wearing green twists something in her hands .
A boxer in black trunks taking a swing at a boxer in white trunks .
a man in a harness being dragged across the water
A snowboarder in the air over a snowy mountain .
People are inspecting sound equipment indoors .
A girl is climbing a rock wall .
A dog and a cat are swimming in a swimming pool .
A group of performers dancing in front of two DJs .
Two people are playing ice hockey .
A person is rock climbing between two large rock faces .
A boy wearing a teal shirt is riding a skateboard on a sidewalk .
A young boy jumping in front of a young girl and a house .
The yellow dog is trying to catch a red Frisbee .
A woman in a red sweater raises her hand in a crowd .
Three whales are jumping in the air while people watch .
A orange dog playing with a white ball on green grass .
A little boy in navy blue is running very fast .
Boy drinking , at backyard table full of bowls of food .
Small black dog biting on a person 's finger .
A crowd is gathering on a grassy plain .
A woman is holding onto a baby wearing who is wearing sunglasses .
The large brown dog stands in the choppy water .
A dog jumps over a hurdle at a competition .
A man points his finger to the path ahead as he sits on the dirt path .
A white and a black dog fighting in a fenced in room .
A group of women in pink dresses , walking across a street .
Two kids are in a pen playing with colorful balls .
The gray dog sits quietly , dressed in a blue track jacket .
A man rides on his bike with one hand and holds a drink with the other .
A girl in a purple sweatshirt bends over backwards .
The man in black is flying off the full in front of a red fence .
A white dog jumps out of the water to catch a tennis ball .
Painting of Albert Einstein on a bear with child reaching up .
A collie is running through an obstacle course
A group of children playing in a water fountain .
A young girl smiles while wearing a teal fluffy skirt .
The man waeribng a helmet is riding a dirt bike over rocks .
A group of students in uniform stand in front of the gate .
A skateboarder jumps his board down a flight of stairs .
a group of people looking into their cameras
A young asian girl with a woman plays with a blue ball in a part setting .
A child on a kiddie swing being pushed by a woman
A red colored diner features dark red chairs .
Two boys stand in an ocean as the sun sets .
Three dogs running on a racing track .
A photo of a train platform on a chilly day .
A gray dog chases a blue soccer ball on the grass .
A gray fuzzy dog running through snow .
A man plays guitar on a stage while another woman smiles
Two men , one playing a bagpipe and one adjusting the bagpipe .
Four swimmers in the crystal blue ocean with yellow surfboards .
Brown and white dog runs through brush .
A young boy with a blue coat makes a funny face as he walks towards the grass .
Two girls with dark hair and white shirts .
Two boys are getting help on a computer from a teacher .
A small black dog plays in the water .
The surfer rides a wave on a blue surfboard .
Three women wearing plenty of green and shamrocks .
A girl bouncing on a colorful sheet .
A child swinging on a playground play set .
Two men in black jackets behind a white handrail .
A man riding a blue motorcycle jumps over a ramp .
A girl does a cartwheel in the street while people watch from the sidewalk .
A man is standing in front of 4 dogs on the beach .
A dusty boy runs along a dirt path through the grass .
A dog running with a blue toy in its mouth .
Six African children sitting at two tables .
a black and white dog trying to bite a stream of water
A couple practice different ways to wear sunglasses in front of a red car .
The dog ran across the beach .
Two young women , one with folded arms , look off-screen .
The man is walking near a brown building .
A little girl sits in a plastic swing set .
A naked woman wearing body paint riding a bicycle .
A dog in a grassy field , looking up .
A dog lays under a table being sniffed by another dog .
Two pitbulls fighting , one standing on top of a fence .
This is a male surfer riding against the waves .
The black dog is running though the water with a pink ball .
A snowboarder vaulting over a rock ridge .
Woman in black dress with red accessories is walking down the street .
A woman in a head covering is looking away from the camera .
Children dancing on hardwood flooring .
A small child with berries all over its mouth .
Two children wearing bright pink clothes are playing with a toy lawn mower .
Man walking through the deep snow at dusk .
Distant horse rider on plain in the middle of brown mountains .
The man in the black hat has his back to a theater sign .
A large wet yellow dog retrives his toy .
A man is checking out an injured football player at a game .
A man takes a picture of another man at the beach .
The child wearing striped pants is holding an object .
Many people are rollerblading down the street .
A group of people watch a man standing on a stool dressed in a thong .
A man is fly fishing Alon in a stream .
A black dog with a purple collar is running .
A skateboarder performs tricks on a ramp in front of a wall with graffiti .
A hiker pokes his head out of a tent high in the mountains .
A person is hanging upside down from power lines .
Two children kneeling down with pirate hats on
The dog wades through deep snow with something in its mouth .
The girl skies down the snowy mountain .
A dog is jumping through hoops held by people .
A tan and white dog retrieving a ball on a gravel path .
A dog catches a flying disk in a yard with a tree .
Two people carrying colorful baskets and blankets walk near a building .
A man is walking on the beach and leaving some footprints behind
Two boys with long blond-hair are climbing on a hillside .
A group of men are playing rugby .
A large white bird flying over water .
A boy jumping over another boy on a trampoline .
A sports car with flames coming out the exhaust .
Asian man in red flowered shirt and hat in discussion with two other men
Two children standing under an awning .
A lady looks to her right and holds a mini camera .
A young child climbing a rock wall at a playground .
four girls in evening wear are posing for a photograph .
A black and white dog running in a snowy park .
Two women and one young girl are together in a crowded area .
A mountain biker is jumping his bike over a tree stump in the woods .
A man rides large waves on a wind sail .
A hiker is walking a treeless path up a hill .
A white dog with black spots jumps in midair .
The guard drives towards the basket during a college basketball game .
A boy dribbles a basketball in the gymnasium .
A white and brown dog jumps up for a white Frisbee .
A boy is running around the bases in a baseball game .
Dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth .
A brown dog splashing through water .
A little girl in pink clothes holding yellow rods .
Three people are sitting on a picnic table along with two cameras and a drum .
A man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head .
A woman holding a black leash and a man looking down .
Cyclist in green shirt doing trick on wooden ramp
A boy spinning on a blue and yellow merry-go-round .
A man stands on top of an elephant in the water .
A crowd of people are standing in front of Italian style buildings .
A man in yellow jumps with his skis .
Two guys are playing with two dogs on the beach .
The man is diving into the water .
A woman sits and reads in the stoop of a wooden door .
A little girl with a yellow dress blows the whistle .
An animal is hosed down by a brick wall .
Several people are dancing in some sand .
A man rides a ski lift up a mountain .
Two people ride together on a motorcycle
The bird leans over to a small piece of food .
Two yellow dogs run together in green grass .
The boy with the red and blue helmet rides his bicycle .
A man playing cricket , his bat pointed to the sky .
A little boy being splashed by water on his head
A man in a brown sweater and a woman smile for their video camera .
A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool .
A man and woman stand near a large red sculpture outdoors .
a man wearing blue and riding a blue bike jumping in midair
A man in colorful shorts is surfing under a wave .
A woman carrying a white ball is running behind a small boy .
Two kids are bouncing on colorful balls .
Two boys are on the sidewalk as cars pass by on the road .
Two collies are barking as they play on the edge of the ocean
A child sleds over a mound of snow as others watch him .
A man karate kicks a stack of ice bricks .
A man is giving a presentation in front of a lot of people .
A black dog running in a grassy fenced in yard .
a dirt biker turns across the dirt .
The small brown and black down is wearing a pink tutu .
A young girl 's face looking through leaves .
Children swinging on a blue swing in the park .
A boy is making a splash in a swimming pool .
Two young children are playing in the living room with some toys .
Blond girl in green dress with pink flowers .
A small puppy rungs towards the camera .
A dog stands at the top of a mountain and looks on .
A brown dog is jumping on its hind legs .
Empty seats at a stadium , except for two people in green rain ponchos .
The person is high on a mountain during sunset .
A person on a dirt bike soaring through the air sideways .
Two children are laughing in the grass .
Two teenage boys jump flailing into a hotel pool .
a skier doing a trick on pole while being photographed by another man
People , some dressed in costumes , and dogs on a snowy mountain .
A guy rowing a yellow canoe down a river .
A man dressed in winter clothes is on the beach wiht a dog .
A man is walking down the street holding up a picture .
Boy with a helmet resting his feet on the handlebars of his bike .
A woman in an orange athletic outfit playing tennis
A man rides a pinkish motorbike on a hill .
A boy jumps into water while another watches .
The little boy gets ready to kick the soccer ball .
A young man shocks the audience with his skateboard tricks .
Two boys race on ice skates while others watch .
Two young child stand on the rocks near the edge of the water .
A boy in a yellow shirt walks with his surfboard out of the ocean .
Kids playing in the water in front of a wooden bridge .
Several people are watching a snowboarder with a blue jacket jump .
A dog is playing in the deep snow .
A young boy and an older woman sitting at a brown table in a blue room .
Two women and a man are all wearing black jackets and smiling .
Two dogs run through grass near a body of water .
The fisherman paddles in his to a new spot .
A girl in a black coat next to some school kids .
A black dog jumps into the water off a dock .
Two people climb a rock overhanging water .
A few people standing on top of a mountain taking pictures .
The group of people make single file lines on the field .
People waiting to cross the street in front of a pharmacy with lit up sign .
A couple walking along side a waterfront next to a city .
Two girls in karate uniforms struggle in a dojo .
The person is posing in a red flannel shirt with a Mohawk .
A woman walking across a hill with dark clouds in the background .
A little boy jumps into a child 's pool in a backyard .
A boy is sitting in a car seat in the backseat of a car .
blond girl wearing green dress standing
a brown and white dog with a red collar getting on a trampoline
A woman walking over a bridge with tall grass on either side of her .
A puppy mouthing a pole on the ground .
A man shopping for fresh lettuce in a market
A little girl in a white top is inside a concrete tube .
Large black animal is as large as small red car
A shaggy dog runs down a dirt trail in a lush forest .
Three women with headscarves and long skirts .
A child jumping on a tennis court .
A man in black shorts is jumping off planks of wood .
Men standing on a grass field with trees in the background .
A cyclist is performing a jump on a graffiti covered ramp .
A brown dog running to catch a Frisbee in a field of grass .
A young child plays with his new light-up toy .
A young boy in a paper crown is sitting in a shopping basket .
Three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow .
The boy wearing an orange sweater is carrying a book .
White dog outside with two people in background .
A large fish breaching the water 's surface .
A tan dog and a cream colored dog run through grasslands .
A man spinning on his head on a city sidewalk near a checkerboard mat .
A dog lays down in the long green grass .
Three dogs run through a soggy field .
A woman crosses the street near a man , who is on his cellphone .
A young boy standing with a raised leg in a large pile of leaves .
Men walk down a street with skyscrapers in the background .
The boy with his shirt undone is stretching his arm in the air .
A girl is catching a baseball before an opponent touches base .
Two men and two women taking a self-portrait
A man is skiing down a snowy hill while he casts a long shadow .
Three dogs playing with a Frisbee in the snow .
A large white bird flies over water .
A boy in a blue life jacket jumps off a board into the lake .
Two women in purple and gold dance outfits are posing .
A wakeboarder is jumping a huge wave .
A greyhound runs in a race , bee striped jacket , number eight .
A woman with holding a young girl playing with bubbles at a picnic .
A cricket batter , dressed all in white , makes a hit
A girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone .
Two naked young children smear each other with red paint .
A snowboarder takes a rest on the mountainside .
A dog and a cow are standing on a hillside .
a black a white dog catching Frisbees thrown by a man in a white shirt
A blue SUV drives in a stream surrounded by woodlands .
A large , black dog is practicing attacking a culprit on a uniformed man .
A black dog in the middle of running or leaping .
There are two women tanning in bikinis .
a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass
The little boy in the red shorts is going to shoot a basket .
Three women standing next to each other are smiling in front of a Christmas tree .
A red-clad man rides a bike through rocky ground while another man looks on
A yellow lab jumping up to catch a toy .
Two paddlers propel a canoe down a tree-lined stream .
A man is performing a handstand on the beach .
A group of people are watching fireworks outside .
A shirtless man and a woman sitting on a dock .
A small young girl in a pink shirt drinking a large chocolate milkshake .
A girl leaps into the air while standing by the ocean .
Women in multicolored outfits are performing on a low light stage .
A boy smiles at points at something ; a man looks to the side .
Dog is jumping up on a very green lawn to catch a Frisbee .
Dog jumping out of water in a lake .
A row of people sitting on the ground wearing matching heeled boots .
A man playing with his brown dog on the beach .
A little boy sits on a slide on the playground .
A black dog rolling in the green grass .
A black dog and a golden dog approaching one another .
Two dogs in motion in a grassy field with small trees .
A little boy does a cartwheel on the beach .
A white and black dog is playing with a tennis ball near flowers .
A small dog in front of a yellow tube on grass .
A small child in a karate uniform is punching .
A soccer team is holding up one player in victory .
A snowboarder is attempting a trick down an outside railing .
A dog jumping up to touch a woman 's hand .
Two people sit around a large fire .
A woman runner in red is getting drenched in the rain .
A dog is running along the beach beside the ocean .
A woman is taking a swing with a golf club .
A person in a red jacket stands under a snow-covered tree .
A dirt biker aggitates dirt on a four wheeler .
The man with the big drum is marching next to a boy with a small drum .
A man sleeping with a bag on his lap on public transportation
A brown and white dog running in a field covered in yellow flowers .
A girl making a sad face standing in front of her tricycle
A woman in a pink hat and a navy blue coat riding a bicycle .
A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains .
A toddler in a red jacket is balancing on top of snow .
A man wearing a yellow coat stands at the peak of a mountain .
A boat containing people is suspended by a cable .
A large dog sniffing a smaller dog outside .
Man in denim cap and sunglasses amid a crowd .
A skateboarder midair with his skateboard .
Many white puppies are eating food near several brown roosters .
A surfer riding a large wave
A man wearing a coat and had sitting on a bench in the city .
a child in a helmet and gloves on a skateboard is airborne
A black dog and a white dog play in the street together .
A man is wearing a mask , green beads and green pants .
A cyclist sits on some steps with his bike .
a skateboarder ollies off a ramp .
Two golfers look off into the distance with hands blocking the sun .
The car leaves a dust trail as it goes around the dirt track .
A boxer is being examined in his corner by a member of his support team .
Two women with a baby stroller in a fancy restaurant .
Girls dressed in red and black costumes hold a wrestling pose .
A child swings a bat next to a stone wall .
A white dog carries something in its mouth through the snow .
Two groups are canoeing on a river overlooking a mountain .
The football player wearing a white helmet and orange chairs swing his leg while the player next to him kneels .
A man in a tuxedo jumps toward a woman in a wedding dress .
The men shake hands while another man and dogs look on .
The man is playing with his Star Wars light sword .
a young man wearing a yellow shirt and baseball helemt swinging a bat
A little girl is climbing up a rock as her mom 's shadow is casting over the rock .
A young girl clings to a fence and watches the horse on the other side .
A young woman holding a surfboard contemplates the ocean .
A young boy plays in front of a blue object .
two dogs doing a tug-of-war on a black object
A woman sings into a microphone while playing guitar .
A person in a red jacket and a red hard hat stands near a mountain .
Two children playing with a ball on the grass .
a young man wearing a white t-shirt and green and black shorts standing on a stump .
A couple is sitting in a restaurant holding hands .
A dog wearing a collar jumping from a platform .
A man lights a cigarette on a loading dock near a dumpster .
People trackside at a subway station by a train .
A person descends a rope from a cliff into the ocean .
A light colored dog is walking through a stream .
A police officer is lighting a cigarette .
The little child is wearing blue goggles .
A man in a beret rides a bicycle down the street .
A woman in a hat sits reading and drinking a coffee .
Dog running through grass in fenced in area .
Three dogs on grass , one with a blue ball in its mouth .
a person doing the backstroke in a swimming pool
A dog walking through the pound .
Four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and gray bar .
A man skateboards down a steep railing next to some steps .
A young boy in a team sweatshirt is in a sports stadium near blue seats swinging a red bat .
Two dogs , one brown and white and one black and white , run on a field .
A woman holds a baby 's hand and walks in the water .
a man dressed as an Indian , speaking into a microphone
A man in red swim trunks is jumping onto a bodyboard .
Five people are in a natural water source .
little kid in red snowsuit with hello kitty mittens
A snowboarder is doing a flip over a mound of snow .
Wet woman walking through water near a large waterfall .
A man is standing up , reading a newspaper , and smoking a cigar .
A man in black swim trunks diving into the water
A dog stands on the beach with a large rock behind him .
Dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth .
two older women walking down the busy street with shopping bags
An orange dog and a little white dog with black spots are next to a white car .
Two people walking along the shore at sunset .
A white dog runs along a path , trailing a leash .
Two girls and a woman walking on the sidewalk
Two males in period costume are having a conversation .
A dirt biker rides his motorcycle through the woods .
Two people silhouetted against a lake at sunset .
A man struggles to climb a rock wall .
A white dog wearing a red harness runs though the woods .
Two dogs are playing together outside .
A brown dog leaps into the air next to a black dog on a sandy bay .
The boy is doing a trick on a rail next to an overpass .
Little girl in swimsuit lies on stomach in water , smiles at camera .
A man wearing red shorts is holding onto the rocks beside the water .
A dog jumping up in the air next to a white house .
A skier about to go down the mountain .
A bunch of guys in black play paintball .
A Miami basketball player looks off in the distance .
A little girl hangs her head upside down .
A skateboarder casts a shadow jumping down stairs .
A surfer rides the crashing waves .
a group of people sitting outside in the dirt on the ground .
Boat number 5 has several men with life jackets paddling the water .
A group of children are raising their hands in the air .
A small child dressed in green is eating with a spoon .
The motocross rider wearing blue and black pants .
A person doing a handstand in front of others .
A man paddling a kayak along the shore of a river .
A person lies on the grass with a shopping cart nearby .
A man dressed in black wearing a hat and glasses in front of a red wall .
A Sooners football player moves quickly on the field as another player runs .
A young child stands in a path in a field of sunflowers .
Person with skis and a dog are standing in the snow .
A man waterskis while attached to a parachute .
A coach speaking to a football player while everyone watches .
A brown and white dog walking in the snow near a fence .
a young man jumping a back flip off of a concrete wall .
A baseball player attempts to catch a ball while another runs towards the base .
A small dogs ears stick up as it runs in the grass .
A woman in a black dress holding sunglasses .
A boy in a red swimsuit jumps into the water to join two people .
A man in a white uniform jumps while holding a basketball as another in blue blocks him .
An old man with white long hair and a white long beard .
A big dog stands on his hand leg as tennis balls are thrown his direction .
