Two brown dogs playfully fight in the snow .
a brown and white dog swimming towards some in the pool
A man and a woman wearing decorative costumes and dancing in a crowd of onlookers .
Three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack .
A Sooners football player weas the number 28 and black armbands .
A yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers .
Two girls are looking past each other in different directions while standing in a crowd .
Closeup of dog in profile with mouth open .
a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth .
Two boys in green and white uniforms play basketball with two boys in blue and white uniforms .
A group of tourists stand around as a lady puts her hand near the mouth of a statue .
a man wearing a yellow shirt with a dramatic look on his face
A spotted dog rolling over on a pad placed on a porch .
People walking down the street and past an open bus .
A girl wearing a brown cap , red sneakers , and a dark green coat sits on a rock bench .
A man helps tie a red ribbon around another man 's right arm during a street parade .
Two dark colored dogs romp in the grass with a blue Frisbee .
A little boy holds a decorated cardboard box on his head .
A black dog is chasing a smaller brown dog over grass .
Man with black hat , coat , and pants sitting next to the door of a building .
A person walks up a white sandy hill against the blue sky .
Three little boys are playing on the floor of an unfinished house .
A protest march is passing by a white stone building .
A man wearing a red helmet jumps up while riding a skateboard .
A black Mitsubishi is driving through a muddy puddle and spraying water .
People walking down street lined with Chinese lanterns .
A young girl wearing red sunglasses sits near a sink and holds the faucet .
A person holding a small dog on a leash is bending over and looking through items .
A shirtless man climbs up a steep mountain .
There is a woman in a black jacket and sunglasses and a man in a white shirt with his back turned .
Football players gathering to contest something to collaborating officials .
A woman is climbing up a steep mountain over water .
The light brown dog with white spots is nibbling on the girls hand .
A parasailer splashes along the surface of a lake .
A brown dog walks in the under brush .
A woman in a puffy red jacket poses for a picture at an ice skating rink .
A warmly dressed girl kicks up her leg outdoors .
A brown and white dog lays down in a grassy field .
The basketball player in white is dribbling the ball towards the player in black .
Two women , one carrying a purse and papers , are standing on a sidewalk .
A little boy who is playing outdoors is tasting dirt .
People in summer clothes are walking on the sidewalk of a large city .
A small girl wearing pink sleeps on a man 's lap as they ride in an airplane .
A boy climbs rocks in the woods .
Three men are staring at the big , green hills in the distance .
A little boy with a mess all over his face and feet stands next to a door .
A boy in a white tracksuit is breakdancing on the ground in front of a colorful wall .
A mountain hiker is digging steaks into the thck snow .
Dog with black and tan face standing in water looking up at camera .
A young girl is walking on stumps on the beach next to the ocean .
A boy jumps from one bed to another .
The basketball player in white holds the ball .
a toddler is with wet hair stands by swimming pool wrapped in a towel .
Two women are walking casually down the street together .
A man wearing black dances with a young girl wearing a pink shirt .
The white and black dog plays in a blue pool with a ball .
two children are playing on a swing made out of a tire .
A man leaping into the air with a mountain vista behind him .
A black dog walks on the beach near the rocks .
Stacks of orange safety cones in front of a man holding up a homeless sign .
A couple dressed in hoodies kissing on the beach .
A child in a black shirt standing on a wooden dock near a picnic table .
A red and white motorcycle is being ridden around a bend on a racetrack .
Some teenagers are scrambling for a basketball underneath the net .
Two girls are sitting on a path by a river with their bicycles parked beside them .
Two men and a woman with their arms around each other .
The man on the board uses the wave to jump high into the air .
Two brown and white dogs wrestle while running across the wet sand .
A person sits on a red bench to eat while another watches .
Black , brown and white dog crouches on three legs in the grass .
People standing at fence watching motor vehicles in field
A small white dogs leaps over the back of a larger dog to chase his toy .
A group of women are performing on stage .
Two boys are climbing a wooden platform and jumping into a river .
The young girl in the pink shirt and blue jeans is jumping off the tire swing .
A man is doing tricks on a bicycle on ramps in front of a crowd .
Smiling young girl wearing pink headband and lavender shirt
A person riding a snowboard jumps high over the snowy hill .
Three children are playing in sand near to the beach .
A little boy dances with a group of people behind him on a city street .
A rock climber repels off a rocky wall .
A boy in a blue and white shirt is pointing up and a second boy in a white shirt shields his eyes .
A dirt bike rider takes an unconventional trail in a rocky area .
A man watches two small boys playing in a naturally formed rock .
A three person sky dive team in the air performing a stunt .
A young woman sitting on a ledge with a black purse looking at her fingernails .
Two white dogs are splashing around in white waves .
Asian woman holds little girl 's hand in park-like area , points off-camera .
A black and white dog running in the grass where there are some cows .
A small boy holding two fireworks sparklers .
Two little boys are sitting on a step eating ice lollipops .
A large white dog watching a little black dog run in the snow .
The black and white dog is running in the damp sand .
Girl in bathing suit pointing and laughing at child in orange bathing bottoms while another girl looks on
A black man playing basketball with orange shoes
A little boy in a green shirt is holding a large snake .
A little boy in a purple shirt and blue shorts playing with orange balls .
A traffic director wears a yellow safety suit marked , " Seattle Police . "
a boy is carrying a paddle whilst walking through the water on a beach .
The bears are facing each other with their mouths wide open .
Three dogs run on scrubby grass , a lake and picnic table nearby .
An individual rappelling down a cliff towards the water
Team members being lifted up high to catch a flying ball .
The man in the yellow suit stands near musical instruments and a crowd .
A boy in a blue sweatshirt playing Frisbee with two black dogs .
A gray dog walks on top of a fallen tree in the woods .
A man wearing a red hat looks down as another man watches .
A man surfs by the Golden Gate bridge on a foggy day .
A softball player swinging at a softball and missing it .
Two men walk along a busy city street with words printed on the sidewalk .
A little boy runs away from the approaching waves of the ocean .
Two people work with long ribbons in a Chinese courtyard .
Two runners are at the starting blocks , readying for a race .
A black dog bites a white dog while standing on the sand .
A young girl stands under three large rings that shoot water in a water park .
A girl doing the splits in the air while jumping on a trampoline .
two small brown and white dogs standing beside some white chairs
A man wearing swimming trunks is waterskiing backwards using only one hand .
Several people and dogs are in or near a large outdoor swimming pool .
A muzzled dog in a race , with four dogs following .
A young boy is tilted over on a cart smiling at the camera
Two small black dogs facing each other with their mouths open .
A woman in a white dress and a woman in a blue dress on stage .
The woman in the white sweater is painting a tattoo on the teenager 's hand .
Man near golf course preparing to throw a stick
People are in a ride that drops you from a great height .
A baby in a white garment holds a flag with crescent moon and star .
A dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby .
A young man wearing shorts and no shirt is high kicking as water flies from his clothing .
Two young girls are running through shallow water at a pool .
Two young children holding each other and posing .
This is a beautiful sunset on the water .
a skier dressed in black speeds down the mountain .
A group of dogs pull a person on a dog sled up a hill .
a brunette girl wearing sunglasses and a yellow shirt
A black and white dog is looking at a pink Frisbee on a court .
A hawk flies down towards the grass .
A skateboarder does a trick on a black and yellow striped ramp .
The rock climber appears to be stuck between a rock and a hard place .
Three people looking concerned facing us , a girl in a backback facing away .
Two boys are back to back as one holds up the other .
Motocross rider during jump wearing black and white striped helmet
A young child rides a small purple bike while wearing a red helmet .
two puppies playing with each other surrounded by a bunch of leaves
A white poodle is running in the snow , near a chain link fence .
The woman in blue is operating a camera in front of two other women .
A boy with a beach ball behind him playing in a pool
A boy in a swimsuit jumping into water .
The guy is wearing a red shirt and doing a aerial flip with his skateboard .
A man with a red collar and gray beard looks at the camera .
Brown dog with yellow harness jumping over white obstacle
A toddler girl plays with another younger toddler girl .
A large window with a mountain range while onlookers stand in front .
a boy in an orange jacket climbes through a play tunnel
A young child wearing a striped bathing suit sits on the sand .
A young boy is looking through binoculars at a playground .
A child with a mask on sitting at a table with a plate in front .
A boy with an orange shirt smiles , while a boy in a blue shirt looks on .
A little boy in a red jacket plays on a jungle gym .
During a game of rugby , a man tackles another .
Coach talks with football player , other players and crowd in background .
An older woman and a young child are all smiles in a photo together .
A blond boy in a dark hoodie is holding a fishing rod .
Twin girls in orange shirts and green pants are jumping .
a lone skier skiing down a snowy mountain on one ski .
A distant person is climbing up a very sheer mountain .
A brown dog laying in the grass with a white chew toy .
The boy is playing on the shore of an ocean .
A man with long hair and tattoos plays a drum outdoors .
The dog wearing the red collar is running across the grass with a ball in its mouth .
This black man appears to be breakdancing on the pavement .
A dog is running through an obstacle course in front of a group of people .
A man wearing a black shirt and a little girl wearing an orange dress share a treat .
A black dog with a stick in its mouth is walking out of the water onto a beach .
The man walking next to the woman up the steps has a sleeping child on his shoulder .
Man leads a black show horse as crowd observes .
A woman with earmuffs holds a paper that says " real change " on the cover .
a man jumps over a wave on his surfboard .
The black and white dog is sniffing the butt of the brown dog that is on a leash .
A young girl gazes at something in the distance as those around her talk .
Little boy in red getting ready to kick soccer ball while other boy watches .
Two Dobermans fighting or playing together on a lawn .
A small girl is sitting on the cement dropping some chalk
A group of people stand and sit on the dirt near a line of several white tents .
Two people are riding bikes on a vacant street near the ocean .
A boy wearing black swimming trunks is standing in a fountain .
There is a person sitting on a plastic blow-up float in the high piled snow .
People travel up the elevator together .
Black and brown dog with red harness in high grass .
Five black dogs running across the grass .
There is a man , wearing a funny hat , standing in front of a bank .
The girl wears a purple outfit and swings upside down .
The photographer is playing tug-of-war with a dog .
One child reaches up for something while another stands beside him .
A skateboarder is performing a trick in the air .
A young boy is playing basketball in an official game .
A man covered with a blanket is asleep on the sidewalk .
Two people are reading a sign in front of a museum .
an elderly woman is riding a bicycle in the city as a yellow taxi is about to pass by .
A backpacker in the mountains using his hiking stick to point at a glacier .
A little girl dips her hair into a bucket filled with water .
Two girls , one wearing glasses , dressed in cold weather clothing smile for the camera .
A man in the near distance is pointing to a silver sedan near him .
Two girls are fighting for the ball in indoor field hockey .
The lady is wearing a white shirt with red pants and writing on a note pad .
A dog chases a ball that has dropped in the water .
A crowd of people are gathered with a sky scene in the background .
Little children in school uniforms congregate on the steps .
woman in blue bathing suit going into the water
A boy in red and blue shorts is trying to catch a soccer ball while running in sand .
Two motocross riders next to each other on a dirt track .
A man dressed in black stands at a street corner near a crossing light .
A few boats ride in the water in front of a city skyline .
A little girl is jumping rope in a parking lot .
A girl and boy are playing with buckets of water in the garden overlooking a lake .
Two men stand near the water with their fishing poles .
Two small children are twirling sparkling rope .
A little girl blows bubbles in a courtyard with a ship in the background .
A dark brow dog holds an orange ball in his mouth while walking through water .
One dog leaps to catch a softball while another looks on .
A woman with a blue jacket wears a helmet as she rides a bike .
A man and a woman walking down a street , carrying luggage .
A skateboarder is skating down a very steep ramp in a skate park .
A man in a black cap is opening a bag beside a bicycle and a shopping cart .
A man in a gray shirt climbs a large rock wall .
A young girl in a white dress watches bubbles while a woman and girl toddler observe .
Two dogs meet and check out a third dog at the beach .
A helmeted man jumping off a rock on a mountain bike .
a dog with black , white , and brown coloring is leashed up to a mirror
a skier helping a fellow skier get up from the snow
a tan and white dog swimming towards a waterfall
a white dog is running behind a black dog on a paved path by some grass .
A boy is outside jumping over a flower bush on a skateboard .
A child slides down a slide and into the water .
A small child pushes a stroller down the street .
A young in a white dress standing in front of a fence and fountain .
A girl with long hair flying in the breeze while she swings .
A little boy in a Winnie the Pooh T-shirt is waiting to swing his red bat .
The surfer does a flip off of a wave .
A person stands at the top of a mountain and raises his arms .
An african american in sunglasses and a white tee-shirt smiles .
A large black dog is playing in a grassy yard .
An adult is nuzzling a child that is looking into the distance .
A white dog is chasing a stuffed animal being pulled on a string .
Person standing at glass doors with big blue circle and big pink circle
A man jumps of the handrail of an outdoor staircase .
Four dogs play with each other and with sticks .
A dog shakes off after getting out of the water .
The red team knocked the ball toward the goal and the black team tried to block it .
A black dog is leaping over a stream of running water .
Fuzzy dark gray dog running along a dirt path with weeds on the sides .
A young boy wearing a black uniform with a red sash taking part in a martial arts exposition .
A man and a girl are at the shoreline while the man takes a picture and the girl hods a doll
The girl is sitting at the counter between the bucket of flowers and the cardboard boxes .
A child wearing a blue coat runs along the snow while a small dog follows .
Two people run down the beach and one of them is pointing .
A child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it .
A man in a blue shirt sitting on the side of a mountain wearing a backpack .
A black dog jumping from a dock into water .
A girl walks towards some sheep in a grassy valley .
Two oriental lizards are fighting for dominance in a small pond
A young boy gets out of the van and prepares his shoes for wear during a soccer game .
Three dogs chase and wrestle together on a dirt field .
Person standing on rocky edge of water with hilly land in background .
Some men try to load what looks like a cannon .
A person jumping a ramp with three people in the background .
A woman walking with a Sheltie through a competition obstacle course .
A man stands across from a woman and holds her necklace while she looks at him .
A young boy sits at a table and eats as food is spilled all around .
Two women dancing on a walkway with band in the background and pedestrians walking by
A boy , wearing a baseball cap , jumps in the air near some steps .
A boy in a tan coat throws some red leaves at the camera .
A boy hangs from a t-bar while a man gives him a push .
A motocross rider wearing a blue uniform flies through the air .
a man carrying a sign that says free hug along the sidewalk .
a motorcyclist wearing a red and white jacket popping a wheelie on his motorcycle .
a snowboarder wearing a green jacket jumping a green rainling
A young boy is crawling through a white tube .
Three dogs run through surf , near rocky outcrop .
A man is standing in front of an interior brick wall with pictures along the top .
The child is sitting on the street playing with a red toy .
A blond boy slides down a sand dune on a skateboard with no wheels .
A kid hangs upside down on the monkey bars at a playground .
A man in an orange jersey with the letter " 12 " on it plays football .
A boy is whispering to a girl wearing a red and white hat and scarf .
A dog on two legs with its mouth opened toward a blue ball in the air .
A dog chases a deer on a field with yellow flowers .
A dog is almost all the way in the water and takes a drink .
A young girl slides down a green plastic slide on a playground .
A blond-haired man is doing a demonstration in front of a small crowd of people .
a single man sitting at a round table reading outside of a shop
People are enjoying drinks at a table outside a large brick building .
A blond girl poses for a picture at Kerry Park in Seattle .
A man and two pack mules walk across a field in front of a mountain .
two men are watching three children playing in a ball pit full of colored balls .
A dog is turns back toward the camera near some potted plants .
Stop action frame of a racer in a bicycle race .
Three dogs that are different shades of brown and white are running in a field .
A woman is holding up a child as they coming splashing down a slide into a pool .
A brown and white dog stands outside while it snows .
A group of men wearing yellow shawls walk in a line .
A boy in a black shirt punches a yellow punching bag while a boy in a blue sweatshirt holds the bag .
Two people sit on a large rock near a city street .
A brown and tan dog walks through the green grass .
A young girl in jeans is standing on a tree limb posing for the camera .
A brown dog is jumping over a fence and another dog is chasing it .
There is a man with a young child in a red outfit looking at advertisements .
A black and white dog walking in shallow water
Two young girls eating corn on the cob on a sidewalk without shoes .
A woman in a black wetsuit surfs in bad weather .
A girl in a yellow headscarf is pulling a boat to the water .
A tan dog runs down a wooden staircase to the green grass .
A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum .
A baby with a pink outfit on has a pacifier , and she is on a chair with another woman .
There is a snowboarder doing tricks in a half pipe .
A man with a toy in his hand on a beach playing with his dog .
A dog trots across the ground with a large stick in his mouth .
The cute baby in a diaper and shirt plays in the dirt .
A man in a yellow jacket is riding a horse through the mountains .
Three men fight the forest terrain on their mountain bikes .
A man with a white shirt and helmet is climbing a mountain .
Two woman in colorful costumes look at a little girl wearing a brown vest .
A girl is shaking the water out of her hair .
A man plays a blue guitar on the an empty urban street .
Two men dressed in white formal clothes and sunglasses pose , while one holds a drink .
A white dog with a muzzle trots on grass in front of trees .
A person has just thrown a snowball and hit someone in the back .
The man with brown hair in the black sweater is covering his face with his hands .
A dog participating in a race while wearing the number 6 .
A group shot of four guys and one girl in front of a brick building .
A pack of Huskies run across the snowy ground .
A white dog walks through shallow water in the wilderness .
Two men walk down a stone stairway , one is riding a unicycle .
A lady is swinging and smiling .
A group of people who are naked and riding bikes in the streets .
A couple is photographed in front of a large outdoor fountain .
The woman in the blue dress is holding out her arm at oncoming traffic .
A woman with a hat is sitting on a skateboard which is on top of a bench and speaking with a shirtless man .
This family needs a rest after their long walk so they stop at the park to feed the pigeons .
A person is jumping over a train car while on their bicycle .
A man , wearing glasses , is rock climbing .
Girl in blue sweater and holding a multicolor toy sitting on the shoulders of a man with gray hair .
a lone skateboarder jumping a huge skateboarding ramp .
Two children standing in the grass being sprayed by a hose .
A basketball player is jumping and about to dunk a ball in front of a crowd .
A lady holds a little boy while another little boy smiles at them .
A large white dog , a girl , and a police car in a driveway and an SUV in a garage .
A man riding a motorcycle is performing a trick at a track .
A man smiles and poses with a product he appears to be trying to sell .
The brown and white great Dane plays with two yellow dogs in the grass .
a little girl in a flowered bathingsuit runs through the sand at the beach
Four boys posing while one boy sets his drink down .
Children dressed in green and yellow soccer uniforms run after a soccer ball
An adult with two kids , one child making a face and the other kissing the adult 's cheek .
A group of dogs look at each other while standing in the snow .
two muzzled greyhound dogs running around a track
Black and brown dog jumping over hurdle with white supports .
The man in shorts and a hat is standing in the bay beside the ocean .
The woman is wearing an orange dress riding on the ferris wheel .
Two dogs running away from the camera in the woods .
Seven rafters are paddling and riding the rapids in a green raft .
The woman wearing pink pants has a tattoo of a butterfly on her back .
A professional dirt biker doing stunts while being videotaped
A man in a red shirt that says ' Espana ' and a girl with purple streaks in her hair are smiling .
A golden dog looks alert as he stands in snow .
A child in a white shirt coming out of a swing in midair .
A person dressed in red and gray is skiing down a snowy slope .
A brown dog jumping off a rock into a lake .
The young girl is happily standing inside the house .
Someone is driving an orange motorbike along pavement .
The football players in red are attempting a play against those in purple , white , and gold .
A group of people are gathered on a white pillared porch for a photo .
A girl with a black swimsuit plays in the sprinkler .
A closeup of a white dog that is laying its head on its paws .
Shirtless , tattooed man rides skateboard down blurring street near beach .
Two small dogs playing in the snow together .
A race car drives on a track while several people watch from behind rope .
The climber in red is leading climbers up a long rock face .
A girl in a hood jacket holds a birthday cake with many candles .
A young boy plays outside on a sunny day on his slip and slide .
A boy rides down the street with a younger boy behind him on the same bike .
A laughing woman leans on the legs of a sitting man while lying on a bed of pebbles .
The white and brown dog are playing in the dead grass .
Two men in bullet proof vests watch over a crowd by some white tents .
A man in a safety vest riding a bicycle on the highway .
Small red airplane flies over mountaintop dropping red substance over fire .
Two dogs wearing shirts play in the green grass .
An actor dressed as a pirate performs in an outdoor park .
A person in midair doing a flip along the beach
The legs and mid-sections of two people with skateboards .
Two women are playing a game with sticks and a small white ball .
A woman wearing a red hat and red bandanna followed by a man in a red bandanna .
A team of hockey players , with one player taking a shot .
A man in fancy clothing plays a guitar on a stage .
A person has his or her hands in a dog 's mouth .
Three children in a black dog kennel .
A man wearing a red jacket stands on the shore of a lake with a yellow kayak .
A young child with a dirty shirt is standing on a playground
A man and woman walking next to a red car with an unusual hood ornament .
White medium sized dog is running through the ocean .
A small boy and girls are playing in the sand on the beach .
A boy in a surfing shirt is swinging on a swing .
A man sitting on a subway looking at the camera .
Two black dogs , a black puppy , and a white dog in the snow .
A dog wearing a blue leash walks into a body of water .
Two dogs are playing tug-of-war with a blue object in front of a building .
A black dog is running gover rocky ground under a cloudy blue sky .
A person swimming in water nearby rocks and a small waterfall .
A person reaches for a large gray dog while a black dog trails .
A baby girl in an orange dress gets wet as she stands next to a water sprinkler .
Two young men are both standing on one leg with their arms stretched out on the street .
Three women out for the evening in a big city .
A brown , black , and white dog runs along on the gravel .
A young boy and girl play together in the sand .
Two men are standing in front of a protest sign resting on a red electric box .
A young girl jumping over a railing or a ladder on its side .
A boy is upside down in midair near a lake at sunset .
Man on bike with female standing on rear of back with arms around his neck .
There are three dogs wearing numbered jerseys running a race .
A little girl in a sweatshirt jacket holding on to a bar .
A brown and white pitbull , with a black collar , is about to leap over a branch
A man in a tropical enviorment holding a camera to his face .
A white dog with black spots is catching a baseball with its mouth .
People stand at the bottom of a meandering walkway that goes uphill .
Dog with black collar rolling in dirt and dried leaves
A young girl wearing red faces the opposite direction from the rest of a seated audience .
A boy tries to throw water on another person with his water bottle .
A dog with a stick in his mouth walking through water .
The black dog is walking along a tree trunk bridge over water .
A black and white dog is splashing around in the water .
Three guys and two girls are watching something and getting excited .
A man with a tan hat and jacket is fishing in green waters .
A white dog is standing on a grassy hillside .
The woman in the yellow jacket is riding on snow skates .
People are gathered around watching children with a pig .
A gray dog walks in the green grass , tongue hanging out .
A little boy stands in a creek on a sunny day .
A lady stands in the middle of a crowd wearing white gloves .
A person is holding onto a bicycle in the air with his body in flight position .
Three kids are playing at a fountain in front of a building .
Many young men with backpacks are clinging to and riding on a vehicle .
Two girls pet a small kangaroo in a grassy field .
A naked woman covered in mud in front of a crowd
two dogs are running towards each other across the sand .
A teenager standing in a crowd of people texting on his phone .
An older man with white hair a blue jacket and a bright red hat .
A man in a white print shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing .
A woman with a scarf on her head walks down a wooden boardwalk .
A person setting up a tent beside a few other tents on the snowy ground .
A group of 6 boys are wearing yellow life vests and are on a makeshift raft .
a girl in along grass field is spinning some yellow material around her .
A person in a wetsuit is in midair while surfing .
A man rides a surfboard through rough white and blue water .
A group of young asian children pose for a picture at a table .
The dog is carrying a whiffle ball outside
An overweight woman and man have upset faces as they sit on a bench .
A man in sunglasses , a red striped sweater , and a leather jacket smiles and points his finger .
A mountain biker wearing a colorful helmet rides downhill .
Two men wearing white boxing gloves are in a ring .
The two girls are playing on a yellow and red jungle gym .
A young boy wearing a dark blue hat sleeps on a bench at a terminal .
A toddler is making a splash inside a blue paddling pool .
A man wearing sunglasses and a red cap putting a chip in his mouth .
The man in a blue sweater is climbing down the rocks
A child wearing a white shirt is walking through the green grass .
Three men are setting up a sledge on a snowy plain .
Athletic woman in red and white uniform throwing shot put .
A young boy in a striped shirt is leaning against a tree while another child sits at a picnic table .
A man with black-rimmed glasses and a mustache is talking .
A person on a surfboard in the waves , holding onto a tether .
A group of basketball players jump in the air for the ball .
A mule is carrying a man in a cart next to some palm trees .
A dog with a snub nose smells for something on a riverbank .
A family sits for a picture on a staircase outside .
A man dressed as " Teen Wolf " hugs a woman made up like a vampire .
Two people sitting on grass in front of a lake looking at the sky .
A dog hops in a field while another dog stands next to it .
The brown dog is standing next to a ball on the beach .
A girl in jeans tries to show an adult how high she can kick .
A child playing with building blocks on a wooden table .
A man in a red uniform is playing backset ball with a man in a white uniform blocking his shot .
Two young football players wearing blue and yellow uniforms fight for the ball .
A golden retriever running on short grass wearing an orange outfit .
A dog has his paw on the red roof of a kennel .
Black dog jumping over a white dog in a snowy path .
A snowboarder is jumping in the air next to the ski lift .
The horse is kicking up its hind legs at the cowboy whist another man stands and watches .
A skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump .
A man in green climbs a rock in a darkened forest .
A woman in a fancy costume is fixer her makeup in front of a mirror .
A surfer on a whiteboard catches a wave .
Two boys are kicking a ball to each other in the park .
Small child in green sweater with plant in mouth .
A woman derssed in a black sweater , gloves , hat , and a scarf sits on the beach near a boulder .
Four skiers walking up a snow covered hill .
A child is sliding down a spiral slide on a playground .
two people standing next to each other with mountains in the distance .
A girl bends down to paint something underneath her .
a man holding a digital camera standing outside of a huge building .
The girl is swinging on a rope over a small pond .
Children participate in a sport on a green field while in uniforms .
A snowboarder jumps high in the air over a snowy hill .
A girl wearing a swimsuit top wears a sign to give free hugs .
Brown dog runs through snow with a snow covered branch in its mouth .
Two ladies walking on the sidewalk talking to each other .
A person stands at the top of a ladder as a young girl begins to climb .
A greyhound with the number 5 on it is running along a dirt racing track .
Two men in a fishing boat on a river enjoy a pleasant morning .
In this picture all men from both basketball teams with red and green jerseys are jumping .
A brown dog is sitting on a cobbled pavement .
A rock climber practices on a rock climbing wall .
A girl with pink streaked hair and fur uggs looks back while the girl walking next to her looks at her .
A little boy playing baseball outside wearing flip-flops .
Brown and white dog jumping over a low rail with a tennis ball in his mouth .
Two boys are walking inside a human-size exercise-wheel .
Two wet , black dogs are running through some sand .
The people in white and maroon clothes are in a wooden building .
The little girl is riding her red scooter .
A girl wearing pink shoes jumps over a rope and smiles .
Two teenage girls dance in pajama bottoms , one holding a paper .
a bearded man in a white shirt and black shorts is hiking on a woodland path .
A few people are sitting inside of a building with lots of photography on the walls .
A gondola is steered through the canals with other boats around .
A person on a yellow snowboard does some tricks in the snow .
A little girl shouts for joy as she swings on the swing .
The man rides his quad through a rural area followed by his dog .
The two white dogs are playing in a field .
The young boy is jumping into the pool on his belly .
A white-footed beagle plays with a tennis ball on a garden path .
Two people in complete love are kissing in the most beautiful embrace .
An orange striped kitten is biting a girl on the nose .
An older man in a weathered fedora smiles slightly for the camera .
A crowd of people in winter-gear is standing in front of a large royal structure .
A group of players on a team are posing together .
Two motorcyclists on a blurry road , one rider doing a wheelie .
A group of people stand in the sand looking out at the water .
A person on a green board is snowboarding in midair .
Man in a police costume next to a man in a zombie costume .
A jogger with a dog running towards a firetruck with extended ladder on a road
A small boy in a horizontal tire swing .
Children , one with a stick , and six petting a dog with a blue leash .
A toddler all bundled up getting ready to go down a slide .
A woman in a park stands with her arm up in the air .
Man with dog who is jumping to catch tennis ball .
Man on bicycle is doing tricks in an old building .
The toddler in suspenders plays with a truck .
A man talks on a cellphone while holding an Obama campaign sign .
A young boy kicks a soccer ball while six others play but are dressed as referee .
Two redheaded boys with glasses stand on bench , play swordfight with sticks .
A shirtless child plays with an adult indoors .
I man with a covered face burning an israei flag in front of a crowd .
The little girl is spinning around making her hair fly in front of the silver car .
A small child wearing blue smiles as he stands behind a group of people .
A man and child stand at the bottom of an outdoor staircase near benches .
A man is sitting at a table full of military items and clothing .
A lady dressed in a kimono is looking at the camera .
Two people are standing on three horses as part of a parade .
Dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
a young man wearing swimming goggles wearing a blue shirt with a pirate skull on it
a tennis player wearing a yellow , white and blue shirt carrying a racquet
Three large dogs are playing in the water at the beach .
Surfer does trick in wave as seen from behind
The young girls sat in a circle on the wood floor .
A man in a green shirt climbs an indoor climbing wall .
Two young boys and one young man run on a beach with water behind them .
Two dogs moving through water close to the shore .
Three little girls are sitting on a purple bench and making funny faces .
A tan animal is being swatted in the face by a brown and white bull .
A single tan-and-white dog dashes through tall green grass .
It looks like the girl went shopping and got something from the AVEDA store .
The man with the eccentric clothing and hair poses in a store .
A man in a red jacket mountain climbing an icy rock mountain .
There is a couch sitting on grass with a girl in jeans and light brown hair on it .
Little boy sitting in water with a fountain coming up through his lap .
A little girl eats an apple and sits in front of a map of the world .
a tan dog jumping over a red and blue toy
A person bending over to pick up a ball at a bowling alley
A brown dog lies on its back in the grass , holding a ball in its mouth .
A man in a red outfit jumps his motocross bike down the hill .
A black and white dog is going after an orange Frisbee .
Two adults and two children sitting on rocks for a picture
A kite surfer begins to fall in the ocean .
A mountain climber is seen on the side of a tall mountain .
A white dog is following a black dog along the beach .
A shirtless man playing tennis in an fenced-in area .
A sled dog team running from the perspective of the rider .
A dog walks down the dirt road as a person follows .
Two football player from the opposite team are holding back the one with the ball .
A soccer player tries to kick the ball in the goal .
Image of a sunset at the beach with a kid in the foreground .
A little girl in a green outfit wringing out an orange rag .
Two boxers fight in a well-lit ring surrounded by poorly-lit seating .
A man on a zip line being propelled through the water .
A snowboarder is jumping in the air over a snow slope .
Six people standing behind electrical equipment .
A person climbs a steep mountain .
Two black dogs are dog paddling in a sparkling blue pool .
A group of people singing in front of a DJ at his station .
a young hockey player playing in the ice rink
A rock climber leans out from a crag against a deep blue sky .
A man wearing a green shirt is skateboarding on a ramp beside a white fence .
A boy is leaping over a blue hose pipe as a little girl watches .
A yellow dog chases a red Frisbee next to a black pot .
A lady with dark hair dressed in red clothing with left arm in the air .
Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people .
A collie plays with a white ball in a field of green grass .
A young boy in dark clothing with a smile sprints .
A young boy sits at a picnic table and drinks out of a small cup .
Small black dog biting the fingers of a woman .
A smaller art festival on the edge of a forest
A baby is dressed up in pink gear and staring while an adult holds her steady .
The large brown dog is walking through water in the ocean .
a brown dog jumping over a blue and yellow stick .
a young man sitting in the middle of a dirt road pointing up the road .
Two dogs in a kennel on their hind legs facing one another .
Several woman walking down the street dressed in pink and other assorted people .
Two boys in tent-like area , with colorful balls on floor .
a brown dog is sitting on the grass wearing a blue sports jacket .
A man in a bright green shirt riding a bicycle in a paved courtyard , carying a drink .
A woman in blue bends over backwards on the street .
A man is roping a bull in a rodeo while others in cowboy hats watch .
a white dog is jumping up out of the water to catch a ball .
a boy is kneeling under a statue of bear that has a painting of a man on its back .
A brown and white Sheltie leaping over a rail .
Little kids enjoy sprinklers by running through them outdoors .
A young girl is in a teal colored netted skirt and wearing a shirt with a peace sign .
A man is going between two red flag markers on a dirt bike .
Group of school children in uniforms standing at a gate , one kissing her mother goodbye .
A boy in a blue shirt jumps down stairs on a skateboard .
A girl in a white puffy jacket takes a picture .
Girl with tan dress and a hat with woman in a gray top with blue ball on ground .
The woman stands outdoors , next to a child in a swing .
People are sitting in a cheery Mexican restaurant .
two people stand elbow deep in the ocean , watching the sunset .
Three racing dogs with masks on their mouths .
Several people waiting outside a train station .
A black and gray dog is playing with a blue ball outside .
A gray terrier runs in a snow-covered field .
A guitarist plays while people play with hula-hoops in the background .
A man grabs the end of a set of bagpipes while another man plays .
A child is pushed by a large wave while holding his yellow surfboard .
The dog is running full speed through the meadow .
The young boy is walking wearing a blue jacket , a black sweater and white collared shirt .
Two girls with long hair are smiling and one is hold something white and green .
A teacher is instructing two boys how to use the computer in a class .
a small black dog in the ocean with some rocks in the background
Man falling off a blue surfboard in the ocean .
Three women dressed in green celebrating St Patricks Day .
The little girl is playing with her shoes off .
A little boy is climbing on the monkey bars at a playground .
Two men smoking while standing by a rail in front of a building
A blue motorcycle is jumping over some colored barrels .
The person in the black shirt performed a stunt in the street while the crowd watched .
A man is standing at the shoreline on the beach with 4 dogs .
A boy is kicking up dust as he runs in the dirt by a tree .
A young German Shepherd runs with a toy in his mouth .
Five of the six children have their own chalkboard .
A dog is splashing through water trying to catch ice in its mouth .
A woman in a crochet hat and sunglasses smiles while the man beside her in a plaid short and sunglasses looks behind her .
The large black dog is running on the sand near the beach .
Two girls are standing by a wooden wall looking off to their left .
A man wearing a black hat walks along a road next to a building .
Girl wearing pink pants smiles in baby swing
A naked girl covered in painted flower designs riding a bicycle .
The black and white dog is running on the grass .
A brown dog is sniffing a white dog that is lying on the floor .
Three dogs are in a fenced yard and one is jumping off the fence .
A man in a wetsuit is surfing up and over a wave .
A black dog runs in the water holding a pink toy in its mouth .
A snowboarder is jumping off a high stone wall .
A man chains his bike to a rack while a woman in black and red walks .
A woman in a blue sweater with a blue scarf around her head .
Two children are playing or dancing inside .
A little boy is eating something and got it all over his mouth .
Two girls are dressed the same and one of them is playing with a toy lawn mower .
A person stands in a snowy area looking down .
A person on a brown horse in a prairie in front of tall mountains .
Man wearing black shirt standing in front of a red brick wall .
The wet dog catches a toy while playing on the sand .
a football player in a red jersey getting his knee looked at by another man
A man on the beach is taking a picture of another man .
a young child balancing a plate in the air on one arm .
A line of rollerbladers crouch down aerodynamically
A man in a small bathing suit standing on a stool at a tourist location
The man is standing in the river next to smoking grass .
A black dog with a purple collar and a black leash runs in the grass .
A skateboarder is jumping through the air in front of a graffiti covered wall .
A person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain .
A person is hanging in the air from the power lines .
Two young boys wearing pirate hats are crouching down .
A brown dog carries an object in its mouth on a snowy hillside .
A woman wearing a white coat skis down a snowy hill .
A trainer runs next to his dog as it jumps through multiple hoops .
A brown and white dog trotting down the road in autumn .
a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee
Two individuals carrying numerous products to sell are walking on a beach .
A person walks along the beach and leaves footprints in the sand .
There are two kids in swimmies playing outside next to some trees .
A bunch of men play rugby on a muddy field .
A heron is flying through the air near foliage .
One boy jumps over another boy on a trampoline .
The white racing car has fire bursting from its exhaust pipe .
Talk between man in Hawaiian shirt , older man in gray and man seen from behind .
Two kids are playing a game of Foosball .
A lady with curly brown hair stands in a crowd with a camera .
The little girl is climbing a wall in the park barefoot .
Four woman wearing formal gowns pose together and smile .
A black and white dog is jumping in the snow at a park .
A young girl sits atop a lady 's shoulders as they revel with the celebrating crowd .
A man wearing a light brown shirt is riding a dirt bike in the woods .
A windsurfer in the waves of the ocean .
Person hiking up a grassy trail toward a large hill .
a small white and black dog jumping over a big brown couch .
A basketball player dribbles the ball while another blocks him and an official looks on .
A child in a gray t-shirt is bouncing a basketball on a basketball court .
The brown and white dog is catching a Frisbee in his mouth .
A child in a baseball uniform runs on a baseball field .
A dog swimming along the ocean with a bark in its mouth .
There is a chocolate brown dog running in water .
A young girl looks up as she rides on a merry-go-round .
The legs and feet of people sitting on a wooden table , two cameras and cigarettes on it .
The person in the red and black uniform has a ball above her head .
A woman wearing a scarf stands near the water and looks down .
a bicyclist wearing a helment riding down a steep ramp
The boy is standing on the playground equipment in the blue triangle .
A man is standing on an elephant lying in some water .
A crowd of people stand looking at something in a European courtyard .
Man skiing over a barrel in a snowy area .
Two boys are playing with two dogs on the beach .
A man is diving into water near a shore .
A woman sits and reads on the front stoop of her building .
A little girl in a yellow dress with red flowers blows a whistle .
Leaping dog sprayed by off-screen person with hose .
Friends and family dance on a beach by their vehicles .
Two people ride up the mountain on a ski life .
Two people are on a black motorcycle driving very fast .
A small , pale bird bends down to examine a crumb .
Two fluffy white dogs running in green grass .
A young boy wearing a helmet and riding a bike in a park .
The man wearing knee protectors swings a cricket club .
A boy wearing a red shirt is splashed by water .
Woman standing with man holding a camcorder and smiling into lens .
A boy holding a large foam wand waves it near a swimming pool .
A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue .
The boy is doing a stunt , through the air , on his bicycle .
Man in multicolor trunks riding a surfboard on a wave .
A woman with a softball runs after a child in a grassy lawn .
The children are wearing black tights while hopping .
A man sitting on the left near a man walking along the side of a street with colorful buildings .
two white dogs are running and jumping along a beach with the ocean behind them .
A group of people are sledding down a snow covered hill .
A man doing a karate kick on a block of ice .
A group of people are at a conference watching a slideshow .
a black great Dane running toward the camera in a backyard
A man riding a motorbike kicks up dirt .
A small black dog is standing on two feet and wearing a pink tutu .
A young girl peers through the green foliage .
Two smiling , small children , one child holding the other on a swing .
A child is splashed by water in an indoor swimming pool .
An older child watching a toddler play with a long spring inside a house .
A little girl twirls around in a flowery dress .
The white dog ran across the tile floor .
a black and white dog with a stick in his mouth standing on a hill .
a brown dog jumping off the ground in the woods
The two people wearing green are sitting down and surrounded by empty seats .
Someone hikes down a steep , frozen mountainside .
A dirt biker who is sideways in the air having come off of a dirt jump .
Two girls standing on grass face each other .
Two teenage boys are leaping into a swimming pool .
A person in skis is jumping off the side of a tree while someone records it .
A man dressed in a horned hat poses for a picture on skis with three other people and a dog .
A lone , yellow canoe being paddled through a river .
The backview of a man dressed up in a jacket and a dog running towards him .
A man is holding up a small poster with two people in it .
A boy wearing a blue helmet rides a bike with his feet on the handlebars .
A tennis player in orange is striking the ball with her racquet .
A person on a dirt bike is riding up a sandy hill .
A boys jumps in the water while another boy looks on .
Some children are playing soccer on a sports-field by the goal .
The skateboarder performs a jump in front of a crowd of spectators .
Children skating while people watch on the side .
A small boy and girl on the beach 's edge , looking at the ground
a young boy wearing a yellow shirt walking on the beach carrying a surfboard
At least 4 people swim in shallow water that grows deeps towards a bridge .
Spectators watch a snowboarder in mid-flight amid a snowy landscape .
A dog running through deep snow pack .
The person in the yellow shirt is sitting with a child at a wooden picnic table .
A man and two women standing by a wood pole in front of steps .
Two dogs run along the green grass near the water .
A man is rowing in a small boat called Neptuno
Four teenagers are standing at the foot of some steps by a brick wall .
A black dog jumps off of a pier into a lake .
Two people are on a rock overlooking the ocean
Several people on top of a mountain look down at the ground .
The crowd stood in many different lines in the open field .
People stand on a street corner at dusk , with a pharmacy in the background .
A group of people are walking down a sidewalk beside the beach .
Two little girls are dressed in white karate uniforms .
A young person with a Mohawk and a nose piercing in a plaid shirt .
One person with a pink and black striped shirt and white shorts walking up a hill .
A boy wearing red shorts is jumping into a paddling pool .
The young boy with a silly face is buckled in a car seat .
A few people with a girl standing up in the center wearing a green dress
A brown and white dog on a trampoline with a forest in the background .
A woman is walking away on a wooden walkway through a field of golden plants .
Brown dog chewing on a brown walking cane .
A man is taking a look at the food products .
A girl wearing a blue dress is sliding down a tube slide .
A red car is parked next to a black bull in a grassy field .
The curly-haired white dog is running down a wooded path .
Three women in dresses and headscarves outside .
A boy jumping to hit a tennis ball with his racket
A man is diving off logs while wearing all black gear .
Nine men are playing a game in the park , shirts versus skins .
The boy is performing a trick off a ramp with a skateboard .
A brown dog possessively grabs a purple Frisbee in a field .
A little boy in orange shorts playing with a toy .
A young boy is wearing a paper crown while sitting in a grocery cart .
a froup of sled dogs pulling a man wearing an orange vest .
There is a child wearing an orange shirt and hold an orange book .
A white dog is running on gravel away from two people and a black and brown dog .
A large green and blue fish leaps from the water .
A white dog and a brown dog running across a grassy field .
Man standing on his head near a black and white pattern in the street .
A golden dog is laying on its back in the grass .
Three dogs run through water and grass .
a man talks on his cellphone and another man rides a wheelchair .
A boy with blue shirt kicking off dead leaves from a pile of leaves .
A city street has three people walking in different directions .
A boy in an open Hawaiian shirt is making the Longhorns symbol with his hand .
A girl in a blue and white uniform tags someone in a black and red uniform .
The young adults take a group shot of themselves .
a lone skier walking cross a snowy bank with trees in the background
Three dogs play with a Frisbee in a snowy field .
A white birds lands swiftly in the water .
A boy is holding his nose and jumping off a diving board backwards into a lake .
two woman are showing different facial expressions and wearing gold and purple costumes .
A parasurfer is airborne over the water .
A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack .
There is a woman holding her baby daughter while the daughter claps .
A man in a rugby uniform hitting a ball in a grassy field .
A woman in a low cut shirt takes a picture with her cellphone .
A naked baby and toddler are playing with red fingerpaints .
Snowboarders sitting in the snow while skiers take the hill .
A white dog looks at a nervous cow in a mountain setting .
A man is throwing freesbies into the air and the border collie is catching them in the air .
The vehicle is crossing a stream of water , in a wooded area .
Man in blue padded suit training a black dog for search and rescue in a field .
The brown and black dog sprints across the snow .
Two women sunbathe on a concrete terrace .
A light brown dog runs happily by a green fence .
A young boy , playing basketball , is getting ready to take a shot .
Three women one of which is holding a paper cup posing in front of a Christmas tree .
A man in red on a dirt bike struggles up a rock while another man in red watches .
A dog jumps and catches a Frisbee in the grass .
two man are paddling a kayak along a river with green trees on either side .
A man doing a handstand in shallow water on the beach .
A small crowd stands watching a fireworks display .
A man and a woman are sitting on a dock together .
A little girl wearing a pink shirt is sitting at the table and drinking a milkshake
A young , long-haired , girl on the beach , is jumping in the air .
Three young girls in bright colored clothing are performing in a play .
A little boy smiles and points while a man looks in the direction of the child 's gaze .
A black and white dog is trying to catch a Frisbee in the air .
a small dog jumping threw some a lake
A group of people sit on pavement wearing dark shoes and warm clothes .
A man kneels in the wet sand at a beach near a dog .
A little boy slides down a bright red corkscrew slide .
A dog with paws in the air lying on grass
a black dog is approaching a golden dog on pebbly beach .
Two dogs are running next to each other on a grassy hill .
A little boy doing a handstand on the beach .
A white and black dog is jumping in the air trying to catch a tennis ball .
A white dog emerges from a yellow tube on an obstacle course .
A young boy is practicing his karate in a gym .
Two opposing players are in the air during a rugby match .
Person in gray jacket and blue pants balancing board on handrail
The small dog is leaping in the air toward the woman 's hand .
two people sitting in the dark near a blazing fire .
A woman wearing a red vest runs a race through the rain .
A black dog is chasing two birds on the shore of the ocean .
A woman wearing a blue shirt and hat with khaki shorts plays golf .
A boy in a red jacket smacks a snow covered tree with a stick .
A man is riding a four wheeler through some dirt .
The small child bangs his drum whil looking at an older man doing the same .
A tired businessman takes a quick nap while riding the train .
A brown and white dog is running with its mouth open accross a field .
A young girl with dirt on her face and a red child 's bike is in the background .
The woman is wearing a pink hat and is riding a bike in the park .
The brown dog pulls a skier across snow-covered ground .
A young child wearing orange balances on a snowy ledge .
A man in a yellow jacket standing on a rock in front of mountains .
The boat with passengers gets lifted out of the water by a large cable .
Two golden dogs are standing on a wooden patio .
Two men in sunglasses look at something in front of them .
The boy is skateboarding on the bench by the fence .
Puppies , chickens and a turkey examining bucket contents on dirt .
A person rides the waves on a surfboard .
Man hunched on gray bench marked SAN DIEGO , neat blue trashcan .
A little boy in a helmet is doing tricks on a skateboard .
A black animal and a white animal in motion in close quarters .
A man in a green and silver Mardi Gras costume in a parade .
A man with his bike amid a demolished building .
A man jumps off an orange ramp with his skateboard .
Two golfers are standing on the fairway looking off into the distance .
A race car kicks up dust as it speeds down a gravel racetrack .
A man in a red helmet has water squirted in his mouth by another man in a boxing ring .
Two women with strollers standing next to a table and chair .
Two little girls in red and black costumes are posing for a picture .
A young boy wearing a blue visor swings a bat .
A white dog runs over a snowy field or lawn , with a log in his jaws .
Two people rafting down a river , a footbridge in the background .
A holder and kicker for a football team dressed in orange , white and black play while onlookers behind them watch .
A groom leaps off of a stone wall and into his wife 's arms .
The three men and three dogs floated in the yellow boat .
a man wearing a black outfit holding on to a glowing sword .
Boy in yellow shirt getting ready to hit orange ball with baseball bat
A small child climbs a large rock while someone casting a shadow takes her picture .
A young girl dressed all in pink is standing on a fence and looking at a horse .
A young girl standing on the beach with her body board looks out on the ocean .
The boy wearing the green shirt is climbing on a blue inflatable .
Two dogs fight over a stick on a grassy field , a lake in the background .
A woman singing and playing the acoustic guitar on stage .
A person wearing a red jacket and helmet walks up near the large rock .
Two children are playing with a soccer ball on grass .
A boy with his hands above his head stands on a cement pillar above the cobblestones .
A man and woman are sitting at a restaurant table holding hands .
a gray and brown dog jumps off a dock into a lake
A man in a white restaraunt shirt smokes next to a dumpster .
People wait as the subway pulls into a subway station
A mountain climber hangs from a cliff above the ocean .
The brown dog is walking through a river surrounded by bushes .
A cop stands in front of a car on a busy street .
A young child wearing blue goggles sits on a raft in a swimming pool .
Closeup of a man cycling down a road lined with boulders .
A girl is reading while drinking Starbuck 's coffee .
A tri-colored dog is running on the green grass .
A big black dog carries a blue ball while two Corgis run at his side .
A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool .
a dog is stepping out into the water towards the sun 's reflection .
Four young children sitting on large bar stools next to a counter .
A person walks down the brick railing near a set of steps .
A little boy is holding a skinny baseball bat while standing between two rows of blue seats .
Two lean dogs , one brown and white and one black and white , run together .
A woman in bikini bottoms stands in the surf holding the hand of a naked baby .
A native american stands at a microphone ready to play his instrument .
A man in red trunks flies through the air with a boogie board .
Several people are playing outside in the water .
A little girl in a red snowsuit sits on a snowball in a backyard .
There is a person on a snowboard up high in the air .
An extremely wet woman is wading in front of a waterfall .
A man in a blue pinstriped suit is reading a newspaper while smoking a cigar
A man in black bathing trunks dives into water .
An unusual looking dog is standing in front of a beautiful backdrop .
small dog running in the grass with a toy in its mouth
A city street with two ladies that have shopping bags in their hands with a crowd behind them .
A dog jumps up towards a woman in a car , while another dog is outside the car .
Two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people .
A small white dog has on a leash and is walking next to a fence .
Two girls in bright green boots and a woman are together .
Two people sitting on benches and looking at each other .
A motocross bike is being ridden along a woodland path .
A boy and a girl are standing on the edge of a lake at sunset .
A man with glasses climbing a rock wall .
The little white dog wearing the red collar is running in the grass .
Two dogs playing in the grass with an adult nearby .
A black dog runs on the shore while a light brown dog jumps up to catch a stick .
An in-line skater is attempting a trick in a long metal rail behind a large structure .
A closeup of a young child wearing a pink bathing suit laying in shallow water at the beach .
A man wearing flowered swimming trunks is standing near large mossy rocks .
A white dog is standing on its hind legs with a ball in its mouth .
A downhill skier in black catches a tiny bit of air
Speed ball paintball team starting the first round .
A man in a Miami basketball uniform looking to the right
a young girl smiling with her head upside down
A skateboarder performing a kickflip over short stairs .
A surfer catching a big wave in the ocean .
Two sub Saharan African girls in purple dresses sit on the ground .
Several people are rowing a boat while being cheered on by a person with a drum
A group of kids singing and putting their hands in the air
A young child holds a spoon to its mouth while sitting in a chair .
A biker with a blue jacket , black pants , and white helmet driving on dirt while people watch .
A man is standing on his hands with lots of people around him .
A person is riding in a canoe on a lake next to green trees .
A person is lying on the green grass and there is a small cart next to them .
There is a man with glasses and a hat wearing a black suit jacket indoors .
The two players , on opposite teams , are in the middle of a football game , while others watch .
a boy is playing with a camera whilst standing on a dirt track .
The man is skiing in the snow with a large brown dog .
a lone parasailer surfing in the ocean wearing a black swimsuit .
The coach talks it over with his quarterback during a timeout .
a brown and white dog is sniffing the snow covered ground .
The boy wearing blue pants is in the midst of a back flip .
A baseman tries to catch a ball while a runner tries to make the base in a community game .
this is a small beige dog running through a grassy field
The woman with blond-hair holds her sunglasses .
The boy in the red shorts jumps into the water to join other people .
A boy in a blue basketball uniform , number 13 and a boy in a white basketball uniform , number 23 jump for the ball .
A man with disheveled hair and facial hair in a crowd of people is smiling .
A brown and white dog in front of a shed overwhelmed by the onslaught of tennis balls .
