The man with pierced ears is wearing glasses and an orange hat .
A black and white dog is running in a grassy garden surrounded by a white fence .
A young female student performing a downward kick to break a board held by her Karate instructor .
Five snowmobile riders all wearing helmets and goggles line up in a snowy clearing in a forest in front of their snowmobiles ; they are all wearing black snow pants and from left to right they are wearing a black coat , white coat , red coat , blue coat , and black coat .
Two men sitting on the roof of a house while another one stands on a ladder .
A bride in a light pink dress poses for a picture with male relatives and is being photographed by a man in a cream shirt with white pants .
A group of 11 people in winter wear such as beanies , skiing jackets , gloves and backpacks are standing in snow paddles outside a house made of ice blocks while a person in front of the door seems to be leading them .
A baseball player in red leaps into the air to avoid a player in blue , who is shortly behind him as he catches the ball , while other blue team members look on in the background .
A man wearing a hat and a white shirt is cleaning windows .
A man wearing a reflective vest sits on the sidewalk and holds up pamphlets with bicycles on the cover .
A mother decides to take her child on a piggyback ride outside their apartment complex .
A male volleyball player in red trunks tries to block the shot of the opposing player during a professional volleyball game .
A woman wearing a pink shirt and red apron stands in her restaurant holding food and surrounded by bagged breads , a microwave and the chalkboard menu up on the wall .
An Asian man in spectacles and a t-shirt preparing some food .
Spelunkers pose inside a rock cavern while bathed in sunlight from the surface .
A girl in a polka dotted blue jean dress walks barefoot on a balance beam .
A couple is sitting on the sand with their feet in the water , and they are shaking hands .
A woman standing with 3 other people in a store with two tables , some shelves with coffee and tea for sale , and a refrigerated drink case .
The person has a striped shirt on and is holding on to a rope on a mountain .
Two young attractive women in front of a store drop coins for street performers .
A group of people standing on the lawn in front of a building .
a young girl wearing a blue shirt marching in a band playing a trumpet
Person in a brown sweatshirt does a flip in midair over a trampoline with a river and electrical lines in the background .
a man standing in a bar with a neon beer sign hanging on the wall
A woman in a green tank top looking at a drill while a crowd looks on .
A woman wearing a pink sweater and eyeglasses is wiping a wooden table with a pink sponge .
A man on a utility lift is standing in the tree branches .
Four young Asian boys hold bowls and chopsticks as they stand around a barbecue .
Native Americans are dressed up in native clothing and are participating in an activity together .
A man holding another man by the back of the head about to punch him in the face .
Six people ride mountain bikes through a jungle environment .
Two blond women sit outside as people walk by wearing casual clothing and some wearing bookbags .
A small child in water with a splash encircling him while the white clouds float over the mountains .
Three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the Union Jack .
Some young men looking over the edge of a bridge on a sunny day .
A woman wearing a short-sleeved striped shirt and carrying a green shopping bag examines fish in an open air market while a vendor in a white apron over a gray t-shirt hands her an empty plastic bag .
A female harp player peers through the middle of her instrument while performing .
A security officer with a tiny face and big glasses leans on a metal gate looking into the camera .
A girl wearing a black t-shirt is holding a small pizza in a kitchen setting .
A shirtless man is fishing , standing on large rocks that rest next to a boardwalk with a tall lamp post in the forefront .
A young girl floats on her back in water and peers over her life jacket .
A man in a military-type uniform is standing in the street listening to another man who has a piece of paper in his hands .
A man in glasses and an Asian woman are seated across from each other in a subway train .
A brown-haired child in green shoes swings on a swing in a park near the woods .
A man in a red shirt and blue pants is going into a building while a dog watches him .
Two male friends in swimming trunks jump on the beach while people in the background lay in the sand .
A toddler grasping the handle of a tool to stir food in a bowl along with another person whose arms are seen holding the bowl and tool .
A father and daughter holding a young tree upright , ready to be planted , as the son stands to their side wielding a shovel .
A man wearing a black sweater cooks food in a pan while standing in a cluttered kitchen .
An older gentleman , dressed in jeans and a long-sleeved shirt , tosses a small red ball on the beach .
Many people are walking along a sidewalk with a variety of little shops .
A wakeboarder performs a flip while being towed at high speed .
Four police officers are swallowed up by the large crowd of people on the street .
A man wearing bathing trunks is parasailing in the water .
A woman 's lower body can be seen as she wears blue jeans and walks in front of a large sign depicting another woman wearing a black top and sunglasses .
A young man wearing blue jeans and a t-shirt sits in the grass , with a ball in the air .
Red white and blue SUV patrolling the beach and shoreline on a cloudy day while seagulls walk in the sand .
Two young men dressed in black stand next to each other looking at something .
A crowd is watching 2 shirtless men , one in yellow pants and one in black shorts perfom .
Two men wearing hats and holding canes are standing silhouetted against a large body of water with sunlight reflecting off the water and a tree to the side .
Three people dressed in blue , white and black leotards are being held up by the hands of a set of two people each on the ground dressed in the same outfit as people look on .
A young boy is looking at a checkers board with one fist leaning against his head as a partially visible adult sits across the table from him , in a room full of people sitting in chairs around tables .
In foreground , a woman in pink jeans is helping a child in a heart t-shirt to skate , while cyclists and others walk in background with palm trees .
A man sits on a bench holding his dog and looking at the water .
Two boys wearing red jackets are digging shovels into the dirt , the smaller boy in the yellow boots has a mohawk .
Woman dressed in blue sitting on a bench with a cane next to her looking through her purse with a stretch limo behind her with a man and a woman walking in opposite directions from one another .
Light brown dog running towards something at the beach .
An Asian woman wearing a Asian dress sitting among a group of cloths , with a woven basket on her lap .
A man in a blue and white t-shirt is grilling outdoors .
Woman singing with a microphone next to a person playing guitar .
A girl is playing an electric guitar in front of an amplifier .
A woman in a green dress sitting in a broken green and yellow chair .
Three men and two women stand facing the ocean from the shore on a sunny day .
A girl is playing the violin in the street while her band mate on the guitar is talking on her cellphone with a confused look .
A young girl with goggles strapped to her forehead enjoys the cool pool water .
Some children are playing tug-of-war with a rope while an adult assists .
Three people dancing acrobatically in a subway station , with one girl in a skirt doing a cartwheel over another person bending over .
A brown dog walks in the grass with its tongue hanging out .
Two men sitting in front of a building and a field of grass in front of them .
Several people , including a shirtless man and a woman in purple shorts which say " P.I.N.K. " on the back , are walking through a crowded outdoor area .
Two boys try to attach fruits to a bicycle on a dirt road .
An African American man with a black hat and black tank top plays the drums on some buckets for donations .
A girl is outside painting a picture of a lady on the side of the wall using chalk
Two teammates from the USA team are jumping in the air to give high-fives while two teammates watch .
a man with long hair pulled into a ponytail and thick framed black glasses stands at a stove stirring a pot of boiling water .
A young man is wakeboarding on a body of water .
Several people walking past a food cart on a city street .
A group of spectators sitting in lawn chairs in the street facing a building and drinking beer .
A blond woman pours a glass of wine in a dim restaurant .
A little boy is wearing a blue and white shirt while holding a toy animal that is either a crocodile or an alligator .
A large woman with long pink hair dressed in black is laying on a tree trunk talking to a man who is crouched down next to her .
A sushi restaurant with a man cooking while in the background is a man and young boy sitting at a table .
A girl leaps through the air while running on the riverbank .
A man waring a polo shirt fixes a ticket machine while persons line up at an adjoining machine .
An old man with arms outstretched sits against a wooden wall between a woman and another man .
A young boy wearing a white tunic , white pants , and a yellow belt is standing on his left leg with his right leg extended in a karate pose .
Three construction workers are digging a whole next to a wall in a field .
A woman takes a picture of a baby wearing a pink hat while a man carries her .
A number of people are sitting in blue chairs in a room , looking at computer screens while wearing earphones .
A young boy , playing soccer , is wearing a green jersey and black shorts and has his face buried in his hands .
A woman with a black shirt and tan apron is standing behind a counter in a restaurant .
A construction worker is driving heavy equipment at a work site .
A softball player dressed in a maroon and gold uniform , at home plate with a catcher and umpire , prepares to run after hitting the ball .
A man wearing blue coveralls is handing a tool to another person .
Climbers with hiking boots and blue helmets ascend a snow covered mountain .
A mountaineer about to descend down a mountain with a blue helmet on .
A man in long pants does a handstand on a large , circular object in the evening .
A child sitting at a restaurant table holding a paper mask against his face .
A reddish brown dog walking in water carrying a stick in his mouth .
Two children wearing hats are standing on the shoreline , and a woman is holding one child by the arm while the other is fishing .
A young child walks down a gravel path lined with a row of red outdoor chairs .
A girl sits on a decorated bike with a younger boy while another girl takes a picture .
Black dog paddles through the water with a bright ball in its mouth .
A man in a blue shirt is kicking a yellow object while other students are practicing karate in the background .
A Chinese + man and younger boy in some type of worship place worshiping .
A young man with a denim jacket and writing on his hand smiles in front of a bookcase full of videos .
Two men are sitting in a canoe in the middle of a lake , watching the sunset in the background .
People are standing on a crowded subway , and the platform outside is visible through the window .
Man in black pants and vest balances between to pillars , holding two flaming torches in his right hand .
Two brown dogs run across a large snowy yard .
A group of musicians are performing on a stage in front of a crowd .
A woman holds the hand of a wide-eyed baby , in a christmas themed outfit .
An eastern Indian man with a mustache and glasses is sitting by a computer .
A woman wearing a black and white shirt , glasses and has a ring on her right hand , is smiling , while sitting on what appears to be a sofa with a blanket throw on the back of it .
A man in a brown jacket holding a red bag is speaking to another man with a white beard and green cap .
Four white dogs are running and jumping with masks over their mouth .
A woman with short black hair in a blue t-shirt holds a baby in pink clothes with a pacifier .
Two people are seated in striped outdoor chairs which are placed in a body of water and one man is holding a large fishing pole .
A Indian lady sitting making a clothing piece with a young child and older lady looking upon her , young child in the background playing .
A little boy is standing above a structure and watching the other boys play a game .
A person in a black jacket is grabbing a boy 's shoulder to stop him from backing into the road while a silver Mini is driving by .
A woman stands in a field surrounded by three attentive gray dogs .
A boy is hanging out of the window of a yellow taxi .
A man wearing jeans and boots is jumping into the air with a white sandy hill below him , and a blue cloudless sky behind him .
A boy wearing an orange doritos shirt looks like he 's about to jump off of a piece of furniture .
A man in a yellow coat is on a blue industrial crane working on the side of a tall building .
A group of young people are listening to a man in a blue shirt telling them about Brazil .
A bunch of beer pull tabs at a bar with Christmas lights on the ceiling .
A man is repelling down the side of a mountain over the ocean .
A man dressed in all black is wearing shades and standing in snow and there is a red vehicle in back of him .
Little white dog wearing a leash jumping after a red ball .
A female police officer , wearing an officer 's hat and sunglasses , stands in uniform in front of a window-lined street block .
A lady pushes a stroller , behind a child , riding a tricycle , while another child walks along side .
A man in a green hard hat and yellow vest is looking down .
A young girl dancing in her socks on a wooden floor strewn with pink balloons .
a large tan bulldog walking along the rocky shore of a small stream .
A chinese man wearing glasses sitting on a chair holding a green beverage .
A man in a red shirt is smiling with food in front of him while seated at a table on an outside deck .
Woman in a white dress standing with a tennis racket and two people in green behind her .
A little boy holding a yellow , plastic shovel , crouches in the sand .
a woman in a pink coat with the fur lined hood up , with black pants and brown shoes sitting on a bench near a pop machine with a striped yellow bag by her side .
A man wearing a white shirt is looking out a window of a metal construction .
A young woman with blond-hair is holding a white statuette of a Japanese geisha woman .
Six shirtless children are playing in natural water and splashing around .
A man and a woman ride bicycles away from the camera as they traverse a remote area toward undulating hills , with blue sky in the background .
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left .
A man in an orange shirt and a blue hard hat smiles .
A small boy plays with plastic blocks , cars , and animals with an adult watching closely .
A mother and two children opening gifts on a Christmas morning .
A woman with a blue hat and blue and red jacket setting up a camera on a tripod .
A little girl in cuffed jeans , a long-sleeve pink shirt and no shoes is sleeping on the sofa .
A dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter .
A dog jumps by a tree while another lays on the ground .
A dog with a black and brown marbled coat scowls at the camera while a young woman in a black suit walks in the background .
An Asian man in a green uniform shirt with a white speckled headband is using a torch to cook food in a restaurant .
A man dressed in black leather and a cowboy hat is walking around a Renaissance Festival .
A white dog with a yellow toy in his mouth runs through a nature trail towards the camera .
A dog wearing a cape is running through the snow .
a small black and white dog running on the beach with several people in the background
A woman and little boy are smiling and the child is tasting something on a long wooden spoon .
A man with a bright reflective vest and headphones is standing next to a man with a suit and scarf .
A group of people examine a boat with an orange flag that is sitting on sand next to a body of water .
A man wearing a baseball hat and jacket reads while sitting in an Italian restaurant .
A well-dressed man plays a grand piano during an art exhibit .
Little boy wearing a dark blue shirt and yellow shorts playing with a soccer ball in grass .
The man is standing on a stone stump on top of a hill with his arms outstretched .
The dog tries to bite the water coming out of the sprinkler .
A female couple lean on each other in the outdoors after a good swim .
A man is tilting his head back in a barber 's chair , while his beard is lathered up before a shave .
A child is walking through a puddle wearing green sandals
A man in blue overalls and red shirt holding a chainsaw .
A man in a checked shirt is sitting at a table looking back at a group of people behind him .
A small boy dressed in a black sweatshirt with a logo on it , holds a red bat in front of blue stadium seats .
A dark-haired bearded man in glasses and a Hawaiian shirt is sitting on the grass .
Greyhounds racing chasing a mechanical rabbit around the track .
A shirtless man with tattoos , glasses and a baseball hat , touching a spotlight that is on .
a dog wearing a yellow collar is bearing his teeth at another dog that is sitting by a tree .
People are standing around inside and one of them is wearing a fedora and a striped zip hoodie
The brown dog with the white chest is carrying a ball .
An silver-haired man stands on the cobblestones of an open-air square playing the accordion .
A girl sitting outside a coffee house on a maroon colored bench with another girl watching her .
A man , possible a street musician , plays both a pan pipe and a small stringed instrument in an outdoor setting , while a bicycle leans against ivy in the background .
Two boys holding a green rope and competing against each other on a balancing rod , while others look on .
The motorcycle is being ridden on a track whilst pulling a wheelie .
A girl has placed a purple cloth over her face while she lies on wooden structure .
A woman wearing sunglasses sits on a red bench in front of a yellow building .
A black dog is slowly crossing a fallen log that is outstretched over a stream of water .
Small child in white shirt and print shorts with hands over their head standing on object .
A small crowd gathered at a local seaman monument holding umbrellas .
A man uses a bicycle to transport a sight that says " Lovely , " while another man on a motor scooter drives by .
a person in a green jacket throws a stick into the water for a black and white dog to fetch whilst a brown and white dog looks on .
A group of people sit outside under a white shade tent , sitting in green lawn chairs , playing instruments with a view of a body of water behind them .
A crowd of people walking down the middle of a city street .
A woman in a white button up shirt is holding a rope and smiling .
At an outdoor event , one man is speaking into a megaphone while another man is holding the megaphone .
A man watches eagerly as his black dog leaps into the water .
A saddle bronc rider gets lifted out of the saddle , but keeps his grip during his ride .
A man in an orange vest and yellow hard hat looks on as a yellow vehicle lays track .
A man in an orange vest works near a blue-draped fence and black and orange wires .
Two men wearing helmets and orange suits are having a conversation at a construction site .
Two men are walking up a ramp while a third walks up a separate ramp in the opposite direction .
An Asian bride , wearing a white wedding dress , is holding a bouquet of flowers while her bridesmaids are standing in the background .
a man with a rolling stones t-shirt on with beige pants sitting in a highchair adjusting a black guitar
A group of boys in swim gear is playing in a field surrounded by trees .
Construction workers in orange and yellow vests with jeans work on a street .
A group of young adults taking a break from boating .
A group of young girls all dressed in blue shirts with black pants are standing around in a music room .
A group of young people actively jumping into the air with arms up and outward in different directions with legs bent and extended to positions of motion .
A man in an orange kayak and a man in a blue kayak paddle around a beautiful lake .
Two people wearing all white are painting a brick wall .
A young woman in a red sweater and jeans sits on the ledge of a red gazebo on a sunny day .
Two performers putting on a mock fight for an audience that is watching attentively .
A man dressed in military uniform sits down and looks through some papers .
The man in the yellow jacket is cooking over an open fire as the little boy watches .
A man in a red shirt and jeans and a toddler on a rock near the water .
A woman on a boat named " El Corazon " drops black weights into the water .
A person sitting on a ledge using a machine to look out over the city .
A barefooted little girl in a pink dress is mid-flight in a jump .
People gather under a white tent while some sit at tables .
A young Asian man with long black hair in a t-shirt and shorts sits in front of a large musical drum .
A squatting couple outdoors , engaged with a kneeling street performer or vendor reading from a book of manga .
A girl in a yellow bathing suit laughs and points at a girl in an orange suit while another girls looks on .
A dog jumping over high jump poles at show .
A dirty tan dog rolling in the dirt and looking right at the camera .
Two brown and white dogs play roughly in a clearing of a wooded area .
A man in a chef 's uniform holding a large skillet over a stove , with fire coming out of the skillet .
An older man dressed in blue historical clothing is ringing a bell in his right hand .
A young man sitting on a rock above a body of water , fishing rod in hand .
The brown dog has a hold of the other dogs cheek with its teeth .
A man in a hat and a man in glasses talk on the side of the road as a man walks past them .
A Chinese man inside a restaurant waiting for people to enter .
The school bus is unloading children near the parked cars .
Two blond-haired women wear matching clothing and love beer .
A child appears to be in a canoe wearing a life jacket on the lake , clear blue water and blue sky .
Several people walking at the park with a little girl in green shirt holding on to an adult wearing a white shirt .
three people standing near each other wearing coats with other people in the background
A young boy points out something interesting to the girl holding him in her lap near the front door .
Three people , wearing dark clothes , get together for a close hug , outside of a cafe .
In rural outdoors , blond woman sits on roof of yellow BMW vehicle , two people inside .
A light dog climbing a wall of dirt .
Young boy smiles as an extremely large kelly green fly perches on his nose .
a bald man in gray is holding out a stick whilst a black and brown dog jumps up to catch it .
Several Asian people are walking around a busy downtown shopping area .
A muzzled greyhound dog wearing yellow and black is running on the track .
Man with gray beard sitting on the sidewalk with bags on either side of him .
A girl with a guitar and a guy with an umbrella sitting in front of a gate on the sidewalk .
A young man looks at a coffee marker on the shelf of a department store .
The guy holding the red and white striped package is drinking from a plastic cup .
A young boy in a white suit stands in front of a white car with large bunches of flowers tied to the roof and hood .
A woman and a few children in an alleyway in between a vehicle and a fence .
A man with glasses wearing a tuxedo and corsage stands near a man in a suit at a formal event .
A woman in a blue t-shirt and jeans is sweeping concrete .
Woman wearing a gray hat peaking around a rock cliff hanging over an ocean short with rocks in the background .
A curly brown dog runs across the lawn carrying a toy in its mouth .
a skateboarder is riding his board along the boundary stone of a parking lot .
A young African american boy with red pants standing in front of a house .
The camera was tilted to the side to show this small room containing a number of different umbrellas in solid colors of red , blue , and black , most of them open and on the floor , while a woman stands behind them near the door to the room .
A group of guys are standing on a stage playing several different instruments .
A worker is wearing a orange jumpsuit stands near a blue hose , as he appears to be working on the job .
A bald man holds a fish in front of a lake while two blond young children stand near him while holding fishing poles .
A dog owner is running along side his pet while the pet avoids obstacles on a course .
A young male wearing a red bathing suit is doing a backflip off of a dock and into the water .
An woman wearing a light-blue shirt adjusts her hair while sitting at a table .
A woman sits at a primary colored children 's table , playing with building blocks , as two girls in pink dresses , and a boy in a red shirt surround her .
A dog is jumping over a series of colored gates .
A man with brown hair and a green shirt is playing a trumpet .
A man wearing a green t-shirt sits with his legs on a ledge and talks on the phone .
A group of colorful children in a room with a green carpet on the maroon floors .
A black boy in orange and white trucks on playing in the sand .
Two dogs are fighting over a toy and another dog is chasing them .
A group of people sit near a large red brick building in the grass .
The two dogs , one of which is leaping in the air , are chasing a ball outdoors .
A smiling child wearing a white t-shirt with stripes and skull and crossbones is swinging .
An adult couple is talking with a younger girl , and they are all smiling .
An Asian man is cooking several meat on a stick .
A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it .
A band performing on stage while the crowd observes with there hands in the air .
A young boy standing in the sand next to a sculpture of a pyramid that made out of the sand .
Three little children in a grassy yard running towards the camera .
White man with a green shirt and denim pants with a hammer and chisel , creating some sort of artwork .
A mountain biker makes his way up a grassy path on his red bicycle .
A dark-haired boy carrying a small hoe leaps across a narrow ditch while wearing rain boots .
Woman in orange jacket is sitting crossed legged on a bench while woman in blue is leaning against the glass .
The man is standing on the white wall in front of the building .
A practicing martial artist is photographed in mid leap slicing through bamboo with his sword .
An older woman in a red blouse standing in front of her wares .
Sports team on a field wearing yellow jerseys with a goal net to the right .
A child wearing a blue shirt is jumping in the air .
A person in a yellow top and green shorts stands in a field by a soccer goal .
A group of young people take shots in a Mexican setting .
The boy in the yellow shirt is riding a skateboard along a red bar .
A little boy jumps off of a bunk bed onto another bed .
Two odd statue like costumes are being worn in a street , they are surrounded by others at what appears to be a festival .
Man running wearing a blue shirt with a number taped to it .
While working a woman makes a peace sign and smiles so big it makes her eyes close .
A man jogging with his two thumbs up in the air , while making a funny face .
The man on the yellow basketball team tries to score while the men on the opposing team try to block his shot .
A football player wearing an orange uniform smiling and holding the football .
two skateboarders wearing their helmets riding down a street .
A football game is going on , with player on the field , squatting on the sidelines and standing , watching the game .
A little girl with a brown shirt , blue jeans , and brown hair is playing outside with her pink scooter in a yard with lots of trees .
Group of asian children dressed in white shirts and hats performing with a crowd looking on .
Two people are looking at a child as one of them is pushing a wheelchair on the sidewalk .
a black dog with a blue tag running on a beach
Two men in the US Army are in uniform and talking with another woman , who is wearing a black sweater with a purse inside of what looks like a conference room .
The Dali Lama during a reception where participants have brought carnations , parasols and prayer flags .
A man walks over a small sign carrying his bicycle .
A man in a red hat and a woman in black sitting in plastic chairs on grass .
A boy and girl ride in the front of a small train labeled " Mississippi Train " .
A man in a blue wetsuit rides a wave on a white surfboard .
A little boy in the air above another boy on the ground where a soccer ball lies at his feet with the soccer net behind them .
A man in a white sports uniform tries to fend off another player in a black and yellow uniform while the ball floats in midair .
An older man in a cane holding an umbrella while walking through an outdoor market .
The little boy jumps through the beaded curtain and onto the bed .
A child in a orange shirt is pouring Legos out of a plastic bag .
A woman is holding her child while a man is reading something from a piece of paper and taking something from a bowl that a younger girl is holding in a park with a small lake in the background .
Two men and a woman pose with signs for Obama and Chris Gregoire .
An officer stands next to a car on a city street .
A couple of men in hats posing for a picture by a gas station .
a boy in a stripy shirt is playing with a soccer ball in a grassy park in front of some bushes .
Person in red-checked jacket with fur collar and dark stocking cap with head bowed .
A red-haired man with dreadlocks is sitting playing and acoustic guitar .
A man in sunglasses is eating and holding a baby wearing a white bucket hat .
A little boy with a black jacket and black jeans on is holding up a blue brochure for the camera .
A woman in a white shirt and hat speaks to a large crowd of men and women using a megaphone .
A group of costumed adults , including a devil and a sorcerer , look on as a man dressed as a sea captain speaks into a microphone while standing next to a man in a brown suit who is holding a large fruit basket .
This is a large group of young people at a party .
Two girls are walking by a car wash that has two cars and two men outside it .
A man in a t-shirt is standing with his hands on some type of instrument with a lot of buttons on it , with fake fog in the background .
a lone surfer surfing a large collapsing wave in the ocean .
A male soldier in green military fatigues , inspecting an old , metal weapon , placed on a bed of grass .
The groom has just kiss the bride after they were pronounced man and wife , as she worn her white wedding gown carrying her white and pink bouquet , and as he worn his black tuxedo and white shirt .
A young man with a red handkerchief over his face is the main focus , while people wearing protective security armor are in the background .
A black and white dog jumping over a steeple vault at a competition
A woman in white in front of a window , while reading a book on the couch .
A group of young adults are leaning against a metal fence in a dark place , possibly a concert .
A man in jeans and a white shirt is standing near a rock formation with his back to the camera .
A young man in a gray tee-shirt and gray sweatpants stands by a metal tiered shelf in an industrial kitchen , holding the top edge of the metal structure , with one leg resting on the knee of the other leg .
Two guys , one with short black hair and the other one with long blond-hair , are playing the drums .
Three people are in a field picking something , and one of them has a big hat with a red bow .
A woman holding a red cup with a straw in it sits in front of a man and a woman looking at a book .
You can see the bottom halves of three boys standing on a sidewalk with silly string sprayed everywhere
A man with a smile on his face put the chicken on the basin full of chicken
A group of people at a protest to stop the building of the Kingsworth coal power plant .
A bike rider is airborne with a daytime sky in the background .
A little girl barefoot , wearing a white shirt and brown skirt runs along the sandy shoreline .
A white duck is spreading its wings while sitting on the water .
A man dressed in black shorts , a black t-shirt , and a backwards black baseball cap is talking to a man wearing a striped shirt and shorts while standing behind a truck .
Asian looking lady holding a baby while sitting and looking at it .
An ice hockey goalkeeper wearing yellow is defending the goal .
An African-American male wearing black shoes carrying a black bag walks along a yellow wall with the words " E.S.E. Electronics " painted on it .
Three boys wearing green shirts and tan pants pose at the top of a slide .
Circus performer gesturing upward while hold a dog between his legs , with a man and two goats in the background .
The white dog is running in the shallow water .
Several people in yellow and black uniforms are lined up carrying drums .
The girl in the light pink shirt is playing a game with the other children .
Five woman gathered to play woodwind and string instruments in someone 's living room .
A little girl in a purple plaid dress lays on the floor and cries with her toy beside her .
A gray headed guy standing in his bathroom shaving his face and neck .
Two large black dogs , one small black dog , and one large white dog are standing in some snow .
A basketball player leaps with the ball while opponents try to block him .
The lone man in red sits outside of his blue door and windowed house contemplating about his thought .
Children playing with balloons and sitting atop a man dressed in a banana costume .
A gray and white dog jumping over standing water in the sand .
On a rainy day , near a river , many people are standing with umbrellas and raincoats near a fountain that features a central stone statue while others stand in line .
Several older men , some in traditional headdress convene on a street corner .
A black , white and brown dog waking in the snow with a red toy in its mouth near an icey tree .
Player in blue and white uniform and player in gold and black uniform going after soccer ball .
A woman is at the beginning stage of knitting something amazing in a room filled with other knitters .
With the daintiest of feet , the slightest little oriental girls float across the stage perched upon square ballet toes .
A man dressed mainly in black is holding a huge triangular guitar-like instrument with a musical stand in front of him .
A girl wearing black athletic clothing with the number 1102 on her jersey runs across some grass .
Person in a racing ski outfit and a helmet is skiing while in a squat position .
A little girl in a pink shirt is putting a puzzle together with her grandfather .
One young boy in a yellow long-sleeved shirt and jeans sitting down , with five adults in front of him , one operating a video camera .
A person on a bicycle rides down the city sidewalk at night .
A man wearing a white cowboy hat , blue shirt , and black vest , is riding a black bull at a rodeo stadium .
A boy wearing jeans leaps in the air and shows his shadow below .
Two children climb an indoor rock walk as two other children are on belay .
Several men , one in a dark sweater and glasses and another in a white sweatshirt , are walking through the center of a college campus .
The girl with the red belt is kicking a pad that the person in black is holding .
One man in the hole of a tire in water , and another man getting up from the water next to him .
people are dancing on a checkered platform while people are watching
A professionally dressed woman standing at a podium debating or discussing something of importance .
A drunken woman in a blue dress , black tights , and black leather pumps , laying on a couch , smoking a cigarette , laughing .
A woman in a pick shirt is holding a shovel near a woman in brown sweeping , while a third woman sits on a stoop .
Doe jumps over wood and wire fence
three dogs playing together in a grassy field with trees in the background
A toddler boy in a sailor suit and a little girl run in the sand .
A little boy in a blue coat is playing next to some ducks in a park .
Four dog owners stand with their three prize winning dogs .
There is a bunch of tourists standing around on the grass and looking at some old ruins .
An Asian girl makes a surprised face while wearing a shirt that says " Radio "
Women of African origin are colecting water at common water tap , near wire fence .
A man is standing in front of a brick storefront wearing a black jacket .
Four birds are chasing another bird which has a piece of food in its mouth
Two men , wearing gray outfits , are riding on a trailer that is being pulled by two horses , one horse is dark brown and the other is white and gray .
One person stands and another sits on the summit of a mountain .
A girl making a snow angel , wearing a black hat and glasses .
Three guys smiling for camera and showing off their muscles .
A man , wearing black jeans and a gray shirt , stands in the front of a classroom writing on a chalkboard .
A man in a black shirt next to a laptop and in front of a screen is looking off to the side .
A group of traveling people relaxing on top of a hill overlooking a range .
A boy is airborne on his skateboard above a set of rails in an industrial setting .
The tennis player in the orange shirt is airborne whilst swinging his racquet .
A brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow .
A young boy is quite excited in the throes of a ballgame .
A worker in an orange work suit is kneeling down inspecting a piece of machinery .
Seven men wearing cowboy hats are near the fence of a rodeo field while one contestant is in the process of roping an animal .
Two dogs walk in the snow , the larger dog has a fish in his mouth .
Lady with short brown hair and a red and white striped shirt with a name tag taking a sip from a cup .
A white dog carries a yellow toy while another dog follows .
A man is guiding the hockey puck across the ice while an opposing player races towards it .
A man with a white shirt with his mouth open wide and turning buttons .
A brown dog is looking at a black horse that is sticking its head through a fence .
An apparently homeless black man with mismatched shoes , two pairs of pants , and a heavy jacket tries to warm his hands while sitting on a door step .
A smiling woman in a brown shirt leans on a man in a sweater .
A child leans over a display made up of blue and yellow plastic , while an adult looks on .
A black and white dog is playing with an orange ball in the snow .
A young girl standing next to a yellow cat on a kitchen countertop .
The boy is wearing a blue shirt , and the girl is wearing black clothes .
A man holding a tennis racket is looking in the distance with his hand over his mouth .
The boy wearing red shorts is jumping into the river as other children swim .
A child wearing a red coat and cap is holding a large chunk of snow .
Turbaned man and two police officers stand in front of a white canopy and a pile of garbage bags
Two men , one in a green jacket and one in a red jacket , are trying to build a fire in the woods .
Two older men are having a discussion outdoors in an area with stone walls and floor .
A girl wearing glasses hold a girl the same age wearing a red sweatshirt and yellow galoshes .
A dog is up on its backlegs trying OT catch a ball above its head .
A couple embrace and kiss on the sidewalk in front of a parked limo as a pedestrian walks by them .
A female volleyball player wearing a bikini jumps and spikes the ball .
Two dogs are playing together with their mouths open .
The brown dog is jumping a hurdle over a yellow and black pole .
A man wearing a striped shirt is smoking a cigarette on the street
A very young child is sitting behind an even younger child with her hands around him .
Man falling off of a bucking bull , at a rodeo , in front of spectators .
A group of kids with an adult in the background coaching them while they are pulling on a green rope .
There is a person in a green shirt riding a bike at an extreme angle in a rural area .
An Indian boy looks at a black cow whilst a woman in a blue and green sari looks away .
A man is helping a little boy learn how to ride a bicycle .
A small boy in a red shirt and black shorts pushing a broom outside a house on the driveway next to a toy basketball hoop .
Woman in a white and gold shirt holding a baby and with three children and a man in a jacket .
A man in a black hooded jacket stands next to a tree and plays a wind instrument .
A shot haired woman in a white shirt giving a long-haired woman in a red shirt a manicure .
A brown dog with white paws is trotting through a field of green grass .
The number ten player on the white softball team gets tagged at base by a girl on the other team .
A young woman with dark hair and a slight smile receives a check on behalf of Kids ' Food Basket for $ 37,000 .
The two dogs , one with a tennis ball in its mouth , are running through tall grass .
A man and a woman holding two young boys are sitting on a park bench , posing for a photograph .
The woman is blowing the pods off a flower in a green field .
At an outdoor market , a small group of people stoop to buy potatoes from a street vendor , who has his goods laid out on the ground .
A group of people sit in a circle outside around a man playing a white accordion .
A man has his face in his hand and is sitting on a bench .
An old man on a subway wearing heavy layered clothing is reading a newspaper .
A man with a blue shirt and gray apron cuts fish at an outdoor market .
A man wearing red and black is balancing himself on the back wheels of a bicycle that is pointing up .
A man in a white dress shirt and khaki pants is using an object to construct a sand sculpture .
Men and women sitting and walking around picnic tables and having food .
Two women , one wearing a purple shirt and the other a green shirt , are climbing their way up an electrical pole with safety equipment with onlookers .
A cowboy is viciously thrown about as he attempts to hold on to a horse he is riding in a rodeo competition .
A light brown dog jumps through a ring of fire while two people watch .
A woman wearing a pink shirt and a name tag which reads " Amanda " applies lipstick to her upper lip , her mouth moderately open .
A man working on a little girl 's purple tricycle .
Two women in fluffy skirts dancing to music played by men , asking for money , while others pass them by .
A German Shepherd is running with a stick in its mouth .
The woman 's face falls into silhouette as she stands in front of the sun .
During a concert , a man is standing on a stage looking down at the crowd .
Three women in bright colors and headdresses are holding love message cards .
a brown dog with a brown collar digging in the sand
Young boy in a white striped shirt and headband holding a tennis racket .
A black and tan dog is running with a white and gray dog along dirt .
A little girl jumping into the stream of water on a hot day .
Three young sumo wrestler students stand at attention at an award ceremony in front of a man at the microphone .
A hiker is squatting on the ground looking at a tree stump while his companion stands nearby holding a walking stick .
A group of young men in sports uniforms from two opposing teams are in vigorous play on a grassy field .
A woman in a blue shirt is walking across the street of an older looking district .
A man in midair with his back touching that of another man hunched over
White dog on mountainside turns to face something offstage , sky in background .
A kid in a blue shirt and blue shoes attempts a trick on a skateboard above the lip of a bowl .
A long-haired , male musician is playing on a piano .
The winners 1st , 2nd , and 3rd of a event posing for a picture each holding flowers .
Two bald ladies in red dresses and matching jewelry laugh .
A boy toddler play outside on a clothes rack full of tied dye shirts .
A young girl in a baby pink outfit poses for the camera while holding onto a jungle gym in a playground .
A motorcyclist dressed in green with a green motorcycle is jumping over a row of green motorcycles
A woman is playing with two children on a seesaw in a playground .
Four people are playing football by a body of water in partly cloudy weather .
Two teenage girls hugging , one wearing a bicycle helmet , with cyclists in the background .
Two large dogs , one light colored and one dark , running through snowy terrain .
A woman holds her little white dog and points to a big brown dog at the bottom of the hill .
Standing outside in front of a red van , a man in a hat picks up a framed painting from a table full of such paintings and other art .
Two people sit at a table outside against a wall and make faces .
Two smiling men dressed in provocative leather outfits walk in a parade .
A small child is laughing and playing while lying on her back on a gray rug .
A woman in a black shirt is holding the hand of a gentleman in a suit and striped tie and laying her head on his shoulder while smiling .
Two woman are mud wrestling in a kiddie pool .
Man walking away from building with large tunnel-like entrance holding a drink and a man going into the entrance .
Two people are silhouetted against a lake reflecting a painted sky .
A lady brings a drink to a seated couple comprised of a woman wearing a long white dress and a man in a dark suit .
One skater is wearing a blue shirt with black shorts and the other skater is wearing a red shirt with black shorts .
The couple have children sitting in their laps on the rocky hillside .
A group of mountain bikers race each other down a dirt hill .
A mountain biker travels along a dirt trail inside a heavily wooded area .
A man in a green t-shirts holds his sneakers while walking alone down a beach .
A drag race car being worked on by 3 people on a track
Two men wearing earmuffs inspect a racing car 's engine on an asphalt track .
Three girls wearing goggles are jumping into a swimming pool together .
A man on inline skates does a trick on a cracked concrete ramp .
A woman in a striped shirt and sunglasses is sitting on a bike .
A woman is propping her leg up revealing cleavage , a great tatoo , and some kicking boots .
A man in a sleeveless brown shirt and khaki shorts sews on a piece of cloth covering a ramshackle shade structure .
Four different men sitting outside on cement steps in front of a building .
A bulldozer works to demolish a decrepit building ; in the background , another brick building waits for its demise , its face covered with a grid of blackened window-holes .
A woman on the uneven bars doing a gymnastics exercise while people are watch her out of focus .
Elderly woman with green sweater picking out produce in outdoor market .
Two middle-aged Asian men with mustaches working with animal hides in a shop .
An older woman looks at the camera while young children play with many kinds of toys around the room in the background .
A little girl is sleeping with a book on her chest next to a doll .
A woman with a blue shirt is putting something in her mouth .
A person dressed in brown and gray walks down a long street lined with yellow-walled buildings with tiled roofs .
A woman pounding something with a rock , with a guinea pig in the background .
An African woman in long , flowing garb , with a baby on her back , is working in a dry field with trees far off in the distance .
Young male in a white karate outfit with a blue belt wrapped around his waist performs karate moves in front of the judges of the competition .
Blond man crossing street , in white shirt and red t-shirt , carrying a white bag .
An elderly man dressed in a red and blue plaid shirt and brown camouflage cap is watching an event while eating a snack from a plastic bag on his lap .
A woman in a white shirt stands behind a counter , in the kitchen of an empty restaurant with brick walls .
A worker in a safety vest and hat is unloading equipment from the back of a truck .
Two children looking at horses through a small fence .
A blond man in a tan colored shirt is leaning against the window on the inside of a building with a fish like design on the windows .
A woman in a pink overcoat is looking surprised while talking to someone in a purple coat , on the streets in front of Vitamin Shoppe .
Two males in cowboy hats , one a young man in a dark blue shirt and the other , an adolescent in a light pink shirt , are preparing for something in a ranch or fair setting .
A red vehicle is being reflected in a store window while two casually dressed middle-aged men walk and converse .
Two children and a woman are sitting on a sofa , one of the children has a camera .
A woman in a red shirt and white skirt playing tennis with a blue racket .
A man in a black jacket and pants stands in a strange green structure with his arms out .
A man smiles , while clinking ale bottles , with an unseen person , at a public establishment .
A many in an orange t-shirt , tan shorts and tan and black baseball cap is moving a tall metal cart with sheets of pretzels that is surrounded by similar carts .
A man playing an acoustic guitar and singing with a group of people behind him including a woman who is singing along .
A number of people are doing a synchronized martial arts performance in the street .
A person with a backpack stands on a rocky bank beside a body of water .
A policeman is leaning in picked up front to all of the bus as he looks at an old lady passenger getting off he makes a fish face pout
Two law enforcement officers standing near one another with an open air market in the background .
Two people with their hands expressively out towards a sporting event 's field .
Military men in blue and red suits stand in the street .
A woman with long hair is meditating on a beach .
Two musicians are entertaining people in a city park , the flute player is wearing a blue feather boa .
a man in a striped blue shirt and a balloon hat is making other balloon animals
Two men are barbecuing their food while another prepares the meat .
Two men talking and observing fruit that 's on show and for sale at an open fruit market while another woman is also observing the wares .
A lady in a bikini is pouring a drink into a red cup for a man who is wearing trunks and sunglasses .
A boy in sunglasses , a blue , hooded , zipped up sweater and brown shorts is running from a camp of tents .
A middle-aged man is using a hammer and metal spike and splitting a log .
A man sits alone with gloves on at a red table that holds a keyboard and many accessories on top of it .
Two men are sitting in white chairs next to a blue door .
A young woman dressed up gothic lolita style for a convention event .
Man in red and white soccer uniform stands on the field boundary lines with yellow and blue soccer ball .
a lone person jumping through the air from one snowy mountain to another .
A group of people run a race or marathon while a crowd of people watch .
There are two men and one female sitting down and looking at their laptops in front of a window .
A DJ with one hand on his headphones and one hand on his turntable .
The man carries ears of corn in his arms while out in the corn field .
This is a view through a ribbed glass ceiling looking down on a bunch of people eating in a cafeteria setting .
A woman in a pink sweatshirts holds a bouquet of balloons while sitting on a folding chair .
A cat observing two little rabbits in a box of hay inside an wire enclosure , while a woman in a white sweater looks on .
A woman sits at a restaurant with her back against a brick wall .
Three young women face each other while sitting on red plush chairs .
A lady walking in a alleyway of what appears to be a third world country .
These children are gathered together writing notes related to a field trip .
A brown dog is shown standing in the water near a muddy beach .
Three dogs in different shades of brown and white biting and licking each other .
A young boy in a red shirt is wearing a helmet while sitting on a motorcycle .
People are gathered around the table filled with food .
A person , dressed as " Santa Claus " , is wearing a red coat and standing in a crowded room of people while a few people take pictures .
Group of people outside , holding a banner with blue text on it .
A woman wearing plaid pants rides a motorcycle down the road with a pillow and plant secured to the backseat .
For people in black pants and white martial arts shirts with belts hold a pose with both arms raised while three casually dressed me look on from a door on the left .
A man and woman perform a martial arts demonstration with practice katanas in front of an audience in an outside park like environment .
A police officer walking out of his parked vehicle and about the approach a yellow vehicle .
A girl wearing glasses is in a blue harness while rock climbing .
A man works on his car as he tries to keep warm with his hat and sweatshirt .
One white man and one african american man sitting at a long table that has colored note cards spread out on it .
A man in a brown shirt and glasses plays a guitar and sings into a microphone .
A man sits at a restaurant table reading a newspaper , with another man seated at the table next to him .
Two women in shorts are running on the beach next to the water .
Three construction workers in orange vests speak to one another in front of railroad tracks .
A man in a puffy black coat stands near a tree trunk while a woman in a white scarf stands next to him with her head slightly bowed .
A little boy and two older kids are playing on gym equipment in a park with benches and trees .
A young girl in a blue skirt is propping herself up on bars of a metal structure outside .
A group of five dark-skinned people sitting at what looks to be a farmer 's market right behind a fruit that is green and spiky .
An asian long-haired man wearing a yellow hat & long-sleeved shirt talking on a microphone
The dog is concerned with a purple object lying in an uncut field .
A guy in all black and boots is kicking in the air with an arid landscape in the background .
A lady with a white tank top holds a blue yard style cocktail cup with her black tank topped phone holding a phone .
A kid in a red and black coat is laying on his back in the snow with his arm in the air and a red sled is next to him .
There are several dogs in the field where the girl with the ponytail is sitting down .
A man wearing an orange suit with his face painted white is holding a guitar above his shoulder .
An African women is standing in front of a hut along with what appears to be a makeshift well .
A woman in a fiery red dress and a man in a suit dance seductively together .
Three dogs running in grass , one carrying a tennis ball in mouth .
An old man with a long white beard , glasses , and a hat is sitting on a park bench .
Appears to be an African tribe or family posing for a picture in the grasslands with a dog in the corner .
A little girl is standing outside ready to brush the black goat 's coat .
A group of people eats in yellow chairs at a restaurant , with many fans and lights on the ceiling .
A blond , fair-skinned baby in a pink top and bib sits in a highchair and eats a biscuit .
A man , dressed in bright blue jeans and a plaid shirt , mows a shaggy green lawn in his cozy suburban front yard .
A group of people gather to examine pictures on the wall in a lounge setting .
A young , asian child sitting on its parents ' shoulders , clapping .
A family is walking on the sidewalk through the snow while a man sits on the side with his paper cup .
A cat sits atop a sign looking down at the people below .
A man wearing sunglasses , headphones and a dark coat is walking down the street .
A young man wearing a blue , yellow , and white striped polo plays rugby on a green grass field .
A male and female are holding hands and - walking down a winding walkway on a sunny day .
A woman with pink hair on a street corner holds two dogs that have been dyed pink .
A man in a suit , is walking down the street , while a bust is parked to his left , with views of tall buildings behind him .
A man wearing a white shirt and an orange shirt jumped into the air .
A woman holds sticks attached to large striped banners , causing one to launch its banner in a wide loop through the air .
A woman sitting on a bench next to someone wearing a hat and sitting in a wheelchair .
Two people stand in front of a hot circular grill and a basket of eggs , one cooking the eggs while the other waits for them to be completed
A lady wearing a headset and a microphone talking on the phone and standing next to a light pole waiting to cross the street .
A group of men walk down the middle of a street that has poles lining the street .
A Thai Buddhist temple is the center of commerce , widely dominated by telephone wires and oncoming traffic .
Several people walk in and out of a building with a metal globe-like structure outside of it .
The man with sunglasses and a striped shirt is walking down the street with three cases of beer .
An older man dressed in jeans and a puffy dark jacket plays the accordion , seated in front of a stone wall .
A teenage girl is dressed up for Saint Patrick 's Day and holding her cellphone .
A small child dressed in a pink jacket running down a sandy beach toward the ocean .
A man on a skateboard waits at the corner of a city street , with an overpass in the background .
Man taking picture of church while the american flag blows in the wind
Players in the red and white uniforms and bystanders are standing on a soccer field .
A man and a woman are each holding one of two little girl 's hands , crossing the street , in the distance is a cyclist .
A woman in a cowboy hat walks followed by a man in a blue baseball cap , a boy in a blue t-short and a woman in a green top .
A man in sunglasses with a brown coat is smoking a cigarette and scratches his nose as patrons purchase items from a street stand .
A red flower-box filled with green flowers lies on the stone windowsill behind iron grating along a side street .
A man in a black shirt and white pants swinging a baseball bat , with a baseball team and spectators in the background .
A middle-aged woman with middle length brown hair in khaki pants , a long-sleeve blue shirt , and a long long gold jacket is walking in the subway station .
A few people sit in benches along a tree-lined avenue next to a parking lot .
Photo of a man sitting on a bench with a sign written in Spanish in background and the reflection of a lady walking from a mirrored wall .
A man , mouth agape , and wearing a multicolored behind a podium with writing on the front of it with upside down buckets to his left and crates to his right .
Woman holding a sandwich in one hand and a cup in another hand , with her purse hanging on her shoulder .
A man dressed in dark colors and a hat plays his guitar on the side of the road .
A woman in a yellow and red outfit is squinting at a computer screen while holding a mouse .
People standing around incense , wafting the smoke into their faces .
One bald man is putting on a tie , which matches his button-down shirt , while looking into the mirror .
An elderly women is sitting in a chair on one side of a room with a group of musicians , including a cellist and guitar player , and on the other side of the room , a group of people are sitting on chairs .
Two men sitting on a cart being drawn by a horse down a cobblestone street .
A woman in a dress walking down the street past a construction site .
man standing at a counter in a convenience store with a woman on the other side of the counter wearing a white shirt looking at him very expectantly .
A man with sunglasses is operating a construction automobile and releasing gravel on to the ground .
A blond-haired baby is sitting on the floor playing with toys while looking at a black and white cat .
A woman carrying a guitar is walking through a wooded area .
A guy with a backpack and orange bag walks past a large building .
Two guys in front of a souvenir shop , with one guy in a red scarf talking on the phone .
A blond pregnant woman in a black shirt is standing in the kitchen with her hand on her belly holding something in her mouth .
A group of ladies sit around a black table in front of a brick wall with a building in the background .
A man dressed in a checkered shirt and black pants performs an aerial stunt on a bicycle .
A woman in a black tank top holding her purse on one shoulder is looking at something in the distance while wind glows her light brown hair across her face .
A young girl in a pink jacket walks with two sisters in matching outfits in public .
A fair haired woman is wearing what appears to be a graduation gown with a flower on her lapel .
A guy wearing shorts and a white t-shirt is skateboarding down the road , while someone sits and watches him from the curb .
A man in a black leather jacket and blue jeans standing in front of a sign by Architects & Engineers that says " 9-11 was an inside job . "
A woman in a white tank top is holding a microphone and singing with a man in a brown shirt , who is also holding a microphone .
As he lays in the grass , he plucks a spent dandelion , and makes a wish as he blows the little pinwheels into the air .
A girls ' soccer team in green and black uniforms and their coach , wearing a white shirt and shorts , are stretching their legs out on the field .
A man is holding a young woman around the waist inside a square of yellow crime scene tape .
A man bends down in an outdoor area that is also covered while birds walk around him .
A group of people in white shirts stand on a grass pitch covered with many dark balls .
A busy plaza with three young women with an umbrella and buckets full of possessions , possibly homeless .
A man in a gray shirt smoking a cigarette and getting something to eat .
Eleven people gather in lake , group on left are male and conversing , group on right , male and female , walking further out into lake .
A black dress mannequin , with a wooden leg stand , positioned next to a suitcase , and a female dressed in a gray sweater and black pants , reading a newspaper , in a crowded city square .
Four construction workers gathered around a hole looking in a bucket .
A lone man standing a rock shore looking downward at a inland body of water with a blue ocean or other large body of water behind him extending into the horizon of a blue sky .
A policeman looking away from the camera with a couple cars , other policemen , and other people in the background all in front of a building .
People playing pool , one is a man wearing a blue shirt and the others are women but their heads are not within the camera shot .
A small crowd of people are walking around an city 's outdoor fountain .
A guy sitting with his arms crossed with a brunette on his left .
Several people stopped by the side of the road are watching what is happening in the woods .
Two men wearing orange robes and sandals are standing in front of the Bean in Millenium Park , Chicago .
a woman peering over the edge of a boat while a man walks behind her
A man with a messenger bag stands on a busy street corner .
Three firefighters , the nearest firefighter is holding a helmet in his left hand .
Four older men sitting on a blue patterned rug in an ethnic looking place of worship , 3 of them wearing some sort of head covering .
Two people in orange shirts sits at a table on the right of a group of people in blue shirts in front an old building .
A man in a red shirt walks past a turquoise and white checkered food establishment called " 32 De Neude . "
Three surgeons operate on a patient while wearing magnifying lenses on their safety glasses .
A man smoking a cigarette and wearing a NY baseball cap is looking down at a camera .
A band is of four members including a woman and three men are playing their instruments with an open guitar case in front of them .
A man in a red suit is dancing with a woman in a red skirt , in the street .
A man with a blue jacket and a woman wearing a black jacket are standing near a large statue and looking at a body of water and bridges in the distance under a quarter moon .
Two motocross bikers wearing full protective gear , with one in midair after a jump and the other looking down at his motorcycle .
People are gathered under a big red " De Koninck " umbrella while men in orange talk to the side .
Two girls running down the street in front of a large building with white and red flags by the door .
Two men are climbing up a steep rock face with moss growing out of it .
A baby girl wearing a harness is lying on the ground crying .
A blond woman in a leather jacket is sitting outside with a man in a blue and red jacket , and there is a dog between them .
A man in a gray jacket and blue cap shops with other people at the fish market .
A young blond man and another young man are playing guitars hooked up to amps .
A tattooed man pouring beer out of a bottle into a young man 's mouth .
A man and a woman are standing at the side of an inflatable climbing structure .
On a clear day , a number of cyclists ride their bikes over a bridge in an industrial area .
An old women in pink and wearing hat is squeezing her eyes while looking at something .
A woman in a red shirt raising her arm to the passing crowd below .
A boy with white shorts on leaping into a pong , foliage in the background highlights his skin tone .
A child with long hair wearing a pink shirt is looking through a tourist telescope near a beach .
Two workers , one in a ditch and one standing on the ground , are working in front of a house .
A person wearing a hooded jacket and blue jeans stands facing a shop with the sign " Feelings " on it .
A man with a white headscarf and an I Love NY t-shirt is among several men picketing against PM Construction Services .
A man in a sombrero on a chestnut horse is ahead of several other men on horses .
A man strolling down the sidewalk wearing a red shirt and jeans .
Two nuns , one with paper in her hand , and the other holding a bag .
A woman wearing headphones enjoys her coffee while writing on a notepad .
Brown-haired girl wearing a green tank top , talking on a cellphone .
An african child carries an infant in swaddling cloth on her back .
A gateway with wood paneling and Asian characters opens up onto a public street .
An Asian man in a purple bandanna and dress shirt stands outside a restaurant nearby crates .
Person wearing a red shirt , blue pants , and white shoes , sitting on curb with cellphone in hands in front of a parking lot of an industrial building .
A large black dog and a large yellow dog appear to be playing with a soccer ball .
A man attempts to start a flying model of a bi-plane with British air force rondel markings .
Even in cooler weather men will get out and play with their model planes .
People waiting for a subway train : one man in a black suit sitting on bench and three women standing or walking .
A young boy is taking American flags to place them where they will remind others of the sacrifices made by veterans .
A black dog is running across the grass carrying something in its mouth .
A man in a black shirt and gray pants holds his luggage at what appears to be an airport .
A dog stirs up the dirt on the ground while running to catch a ball .
A lady standing in front of a lot of elementary school aged children who are sitting on the floor .
Construction signs and lights help those in traffic find the correct detour .
A group of people , including a man on a bicycle , on the waterfront .
A man with an orange shirt and sunglasses along with a young boy and train conductor ride a children 's train through a park .
A dark-haired man sits atop a structure near a dark-haired woman wearing sunglasses .
Several people standing around a boat which has sails shaped like a fish .
A man in a black hat and blue shirt taking a picture on the side of an urban street .
Male in the street wearing a blue plaid shirt waiting for the light to turn .
Two women wearing hijab garments walk on a sidewalk , one of the women is carrying a child on her shoulders .
Several people with instruments waiting at a train station .
Young dirt bikers try to get a dirt bike up a sandy hill .
Two women wearing jeans and a man wearing shorts walking up a gravel mountain road carrying backpacks .
A crowd of business travelers lined up at a busy terminal , with many Asian members , one listening to earbuds , and one checking his mobile phone .
Graffiti with saying CRAZI with bright green and pink with women in a red skirt walking by .
A gymnast in a blue and pink leotard is standing on her right foot with her left foot in the air and waving a ribbon .
Children play in the dark water fountain near the white triumphal arch while adults sit on the steps .
A man is sitting on a bench in front of a large white building .
Men wearing red and white stripe shirts and wearing blue hats carrying flags outside a brick building .
Two women looking at an Asian decoration that looks like a collage .
A bunch of people walking inside a shopping center .
A woman in a white shirt and blue shorts follows a two people in red shirts up a staircase .
A small child in a blue outfit is looking off at some trees in the distance .
A girl in a green sweatshirt checks out at a store filled with Pokemon items .
An aging man in a green and orange palm tree shirt and straw hat holds a red drum and a drumstick .
A small group of Asian youths gathered on the sidewalk looking into camera and playing around .
A middle-aged man with a backpack playfully pretends to box with younger child who does not look phased .
Four men in green , red , gray , and white shirts standing near a blue handrail smiling for a picture .
A woman lounges on a towel in front of people enjoying the blue water .
A big tri-colored and a smaller puppy with light blue eyes are playing together .
there is six adults in front of a little kitchen some eating and others walking around .
A black man stands behind a garbage can with his hand raised in front of a sign urging people to repent of various sins as boy in a school blazer holds the hand of a man in shorts .
A police officer on a motorcycle sitting at a traffic light to turn left .
A group of Asian men are sitting or standing around a small square table .
At least one woman and several men are standing around outside an office building .
A woman wearing sunglasses , white shorts and gray t-shirt is walking her dog and talking to another woman pushing a stroller .
A teenage boy with a white headband looking right , a crowd in the background .
A colorful array of motorcyclists gathered outdoors , with Joshua trees in the background and a pair of motorcyclists on a cherry-red cycle in the foreground .
Two women in military uniform are standing with other soldiers in formation .
Three Asian women are standing together smiling , the one with red-hair is holding up the peace sign with her fingers .
Three people , two in black and one in yellow , are seated on a wooden bench , only their heads and shoulders visible , in front of a sign for a furniture showroom & restaurant .
A man wearing a brown shirt embellished on the front with black designs drinks from a water fountain shaped like a woman .
Two young men in black and white t-shirt are walking down the street with a girl in a pink shirt and patterned leggings .
An older many in a navy blue polo shirt holds an infant wrapped in a blanket .
A young child wearing a red hat and a tag " 513 " participant tag rides a horse .
A boy wearing shorts , crocs , and a white shirt plays with a yo-yo while another boy looks at his yo-yo in the background .
A little girl with a flower on her swimsuit stands on a lake-beach while others frolic in the background .
An older man sites on a cushioned bench with his hands crossed in his lap .
Two boys are looking upwards with their arms streteched to the sky , the boy on the left is wearing a blue vest jacket with a gray long-sleeved shirt and black jogging pants , and black tennis shoes and a hat , and the boy on the right is wearing a silver vest jacket , with blue long-sleeved undershirt , gray pants , and black tennis shoes and has black short hair and glasses .
A man in a red hat and a woman in a black dress are sitting outside a building on the street .
Asian school children are on a field trip listening to a speech , except for one girl who is posing for the camera .
Three people sit at a table in front of an establishment displaying the words Bar Gleati Tabacchi .
A boy in a black shirt and red wristbands hanging upside down while other people look on .
A man is walking on a paved surface backdropped by a large art mural .
Two young men walk toward the camera , with the redheaded man on the left turning his head to look back at three women in the background who are walking away in the other direction .
A man in a blue shirt lifts a long pole-handled tool towards a ceiling in a restaurant decorated in an Oriental style with small orange paper lanterns .
Four adults and a little blond girl walk up a set of outside stairs lead by a lady in a pink shirt .
A very busy market street with lots of people looking at different things .
Two little boys eat McDonald 's while sitting at a table and chairs outside , where others are also eating .
A young woman with a shave head in a brown skirt and sandals walking past a stone building .
A male in a purple shirt and white hat is driving a vehicle that has four wheels and some sort of basket in the front of it carrying three people .
A man in a teal shirt reads a newspaper inside a newspaper stand .
A toddler , whilst sitting in a stroller , is perplexed by a Korean child 's book .
A boy and a girl are sitting on a bench looking at something they each have in a small paper cup .
A little boy with a blue bike helmet and a woman in a green bike helmet are riding bikes down a street with other various bike riders .
A man wearing blue jeans , a blue shirt , and a green hat is holding a loudspeaker on a city street .
A man riding a vehicle pulled by a donkey in the run down area of town .
A man in a black hat and jacket is riding his bicycle .
A colorfully dressed young man with visible skin lesions is sitting and smoking a cigarette .
Two men , dressed in business suits , wearing long black coats , sharing a blue plaid umbrella , standing against a graffiti painted brick wall .
An old man in dirty clothes rides a bike loaded with possessions down a busy city street .
Two men who are riding on two horses both are trying to rope a bull in a rodeo .
A cowboy on a horse twirling his lasso in anticipation of throwing it .
Two Bicyclers with backpacks going through the fields with mountains in the background .
A man with black pants and a white shirt is reaching into a large white plastic bag in front of a store with large windows .
A man wearing black pants and jacket is on a blue scooter next to a crowd of people and a green tent .
A woman dressed in black with a tattoo on her right arm is taking a picture with her camera .
Four people walking beside each other down a street , one of the men is turned around looking toward the camera .
Overhead shot of 2 teenagers both looking at a shirt being held up by one of them .
A group of medical students dressed in blue scrubs , visitor sitting on the wall enjoy some fresh air .
A woman with a dog sitting on a bench near the ocean .
View of a Victorian building in the background with various people walking in the foreground .
Three construction workers stand at the front of a large group of people all wearing white shirts .
A woman in an all black outfit holds her glasses while she stands in the street in front of a sandwich board advertising menu items .
A group of men gathered around a table preparing to play a card game .
A man and a woman walk around a corner next to a painted wall mural depicting children .
A man holds out a wire basket as he prepares to fill it .
A woman with blond-hair is sitting in a booth with a drink working on her laptop .
A lone man sits in a dark room before a desk , reading an internet article on the computer .
A man with gray hair and a bear sits in a chair on the street with a guitar by his side .
Two people wearing hats are standing in a field tending to a crop .
A female athlete performing a high jump during a competition in Barcelona in 2010 .
A man dressed in boots and a cowboy hat sits atop a horse that is jumping while spectators sit in the stands .
Two little girls sitting on the edge of a street eating corn on the cob .
Three children in football uniforms of two different teams are playing football on a football field , while another player and an adult stand in the background .
A young girl with a dirty face and pink shirt lays her head on the chest of an older woman in coral .
A man with a blue shirt sitting on a bed and another man with a tan colored shirt and glasses laying on a bed .
A person with a scarf over their head and a boy in a black t-shirt looking at what appear to be olives in a pile on a tarp on the ground .
A Young African American boy wearing a blue baseball cap gazes through a telescope intently while another young boy waits behind him .
Three young men in a kitchen standing around a stove , one of them is stirring something in a pot .
a young girl wearing a gray snowsuit skiing on a snowy mountain .
Two women wearing colorful skirts and t-shirts are dancing in a dirt clearing in the center of a circle of other women , who are clapping .
One man in a hooded sweatshirt picking up articles of clothing while a woman in a blue shirt looks on .
A young blond girl is sitting in a wooden chair backwards , looking into the distance .
A young boy uses a flashlight to inspect something in a sidewalk grate .
A long-haired skateboarder is about to exit a clean nosegrind on a public handrail , unaware of his surroundings while ignoring the negative public perception of skateboarders .
Two workers wearing bright protective overcoats , shovel snow out of the way of passing residents .
A man in a white shirt playing a white guitar standing in front of a microphone with the light casting a somewhat reddish hue on his shirt
Three young girls in winter clothing and hats look at disposable cameras they are holding .
A young boy is leaping off a pier into the water , his leg thrust out .
A woman in glasses has her eyes wide open while she is at the dentist .
A snowboarder is catching air on a snowy hill while wearing protective snow gear .
A little girl with blond-hair is playing and splashing in a mud puddle .
A man rides a bicycle through an inner-city neighborhood next to a wall containing a graffiti picture of a big hand showing the peace sign .
A female gymnast , captured in midair during a jump .
A man in an orange visor crossing the street with a ice cream vendor in the background and a woman about to cross the street as well .
A man in a long gray gown and hat is standing with his hand on a mule that is wearing blankets and decorations on a stone street outside of a building , with a number of other people in the background .
Two young children working together to operate a bicycle .
Two male soccer players in lime green uniforms passing the ball to each other .
A man with his arms outspread who looks like he is filled with ecstatic joy is jumping vigorously from old , weathered , yellowed stairs as a man in a green shirt beneath him is lying on his back and seeming to be photographing him or making a video of what is happening .
A woman with a green shirt takes a drink from a water fountain .
A man wearing a helmet , floating in the water .
A man in a laboratory coat looking into the lenses of a microscope .
A young blond girl sleeps curled up on a brown couch with her head on large red pillow .
A man wearing a red t-shirt sweeps the sidewalk in front of a brick building .
Three men of varying ages are working preparing something with pots and bowls .
A man in a white hoodie is sitting on top of bamboo scaffolding near the roof of a building holding a spade .
We see the backs of a young Asian girl with a green shirt and a red hat holding hands with a young Asian girl with a striped pink shirt and a pink hat by the pool .
4 kids playing , one in a red dress one in a pink shirt , one in a white shirt and a little boy with his arm through a green toy .
Seven children , three of which are riding bicycles traveling along a dirt path in a rural setting with a mountain in the background .
A little boy wearing a chef 's hat is working in a kitchen , chopping up some long hotdogs .
An old man dressed as a clown leans down in front of a group of seated children and allows a girl to pet a small animal .
A large , green , navigating wheel is held by an older man in a captain 's hat and uniform .
A man moves dirt using a large construction vehicle .
A young woman is wearing a red shirt , black riding helmet , black pants , and black shoes , while riding in a saddle on a white horse .
A red-haired woman in a tank top and rolled up jeans sits atop a large rock in a wooded park , smiling at the camera .
The strangely dressed guys , one wearing an orange wig , sunglasses with peace signs , and a karate costume with an orannge belt , another wearing a curly blue wig , heart shaped sunglasses , and a karate outfit painted with leaves , and the third wearing pink underwear , a black afro , and giant sunglasses .
A small girl in a bathing suit jumps above a kiddie pool .
Two children , one in a yellow shirt and the other in red rain boots , swing on the swings at a playground .
A man wearing a hat is showing a group of children how to throw a net off of a dock .
A young , male adult wearing blue jeans , a green reflective vest , work gloves and a hard hat stood between the rails of a railroad track to the rear of a white truck that is specially built to roll on the tracks .
Two men appear to be working construction with their hard hats on .
Four in bright clothes men are performing on a stage , while other men in brown at the base of the stage work on equipment .
A shirtless man with multiple earrings , a necklace , and holding drumsticks , is voicing into a microphone behind cymbals .
A woman with long brown hair wearing a white sleeveless shirt , a man with long brown hair wearing a green t-shirt and tattoos on his arms , and another woman with black hair wearing a green dress , also with tattoos , are in the checkout line at a supermarket .
A man wearing a cowboy hat and suspenders , uses his cane to help him walk down a narrow road surrounded by tall grass .
A woman in a white top and khaki pants exercising on a piece of exercise equipment .
Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man 's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together .
Two girls , one older and in black and one younger and in white , are performing the same ballet move in front of decorations made from balloons .
A woman in a flowing blue robe with a white wave pattern is dancing in front of a large brick building with other dancers similarly attired in the background .
An Asian man walking down an alley talking on his cellphone with brightly colored fabric behind him .
Possibly a preschool teacher trying to explain something to her class , the little mouse could care less .
A group of people watch young men play the drums using makeshift buckets as instruments .
A child wearing rollerblades , knee pads , a helmet , and elbow pads is skating down a paved path .
A small white car is stuck on the track , while the train car that hit it at a slow speed , sits still , as a rescue worker helps the driver .
A singer with medium-short curly white hair , wearing a white sleeveless t-shirt , is accompanied by a guitarist who has long white hair and wears a black shirt .
A girl wearing a baseball cap , white t-shirt and blue shorts is standing in a rock-bottomed , forest-lined mountain stream .
Two men , one sitting , one standing , are playing their guitars on stage while the audience is looking on .
Couples are dancing in a courtyard with a rough stone wall backing and a large brown building in the background .
A woman is sitting on some stairs outside with several baskets filled with craft items and miniature dolls at her feet and next to her for sale .
Important political man in gray suit talks to man in darker green suit about the woman in the lighter green jacket .
Several men are sitting on their motorcycles wearing a red shirt with a black vest and black hat .
A soccer player is on the field with his arms out , about to kick the ball .
A guy inside a sports arena wearing a yellow shirt and black cap is holding up a red bag containing snacks and a bottle containing something to drink .
two males from the green team tackles the other members from black team for the ball in a game of rugby .
Four dark-haired adolescent boys , three wearing blue and one wearing red , are playing soccer on a green grass field .
A young girl in a blue shirt is in a bowling alley , and is casting her ball down a lane .
Soccer players dressed in bright blue and white uniforms are jumping in the air .
Am upset young boy is sitting on a skateboard , on some stairs , and is holding a phone .
A female runner dressed in blue athletic wear is running in a competition , while spectators line the street .
A group of men and women dressed is formal black dresses and suits holding their music books and singing .
On a sunny , dry day , wearing full football gear , a Texas A&M football player tries to reach an Iowa State football player , for the football during the game .
Two men with curling brushes are on an ice rink next to a curling rock , with a man in a red jacket nearby , and three other people in the background .
A determined soccer player kicks the soccer ball away from the opposing player , near a goal post , while the opposing player stays focused on the ball .
A basketball player from Penn State dribbles a ball while being surrounded by Lafayette players .
A busy street scene shows several people walking under an archway .
Two race cars , one red and one blue , are driving side by side down a racetrack while being watched by several onlookers .
A football player dressed in a white uniform is preparing to throw the ball .
A male child with blond-hair , green eyes , and a sticky looking mouth wearing a multicolored t-shirt has his hand wrapped around a popsicle stick and is chewing and has it inserted into his mouth where you can see 4 bright white teeth on the bottom row .
A mother in blue and child walk down a sidewalk next to a brick street .
A hockey game with several players playing their part in preventing or facilitating a goal .
multiple teenagers outdoors racing against each other while sitting on bouncing balls .
An African-American boy wearing blue shorts , a black and red shirt , and white sneakers , is playing tennis .
A man and woman , dressed in white , embrace each other while their actions go unnoticed to the other people in the background .
An older man who appears to be in his sixty 's , seems to be doing some type of magical form of play with three children and an adult female , being his targeted group .
A very tired little boy 's taking advantage of bed setting in a department store to get some rest .
A man is resting next to his upside down bicycle taking his glove off .
A woman smiles as she skis , wearing a white winter hat , a white coat , and a blue hoodie , while snow is in the background .
Several girls and one woman are working on a project in front of a table covered with many objects .
A man with a striped shirt , blue jeans and a red kerchief in his pocket is being thrown off a brown irate horse while a brown and tan horse is buckling while the crowd is watching
A woman presents a bar code for a smartphone so that a man can use his phone to find the location associated with the code .
A woman with short red-hair is in some very cloudy water by a shoreline and only her head is above the water .
Two young boys sitting on a sunlit floor smiling and holding a black lab puppy .
Several children are practicing martial arts moves in a room with a red floor .
A man tired on a couch just waiting to go home from work .
A lady in a gray sweater has a conversation with three other people at the same table .
Two horse racing jockeys , one in checkered blue and red and the other in orange and brown , are racing against a blurry background .
A racing car with man ads emblazoned on it rounds a corner on a racetrack with two cars close behind it .
a large bull targets a man , inches away , in a rodeo with his horns , while a rodeo clown runs to help .
A man in swimming trunks walking down to his belongings that are piled on a yellow canoe .
A man with a gray jacket on that has a red and black stripe on the sleeve at a shooting range with multiple targets .
A team plays ball in the sand as a few spectators look on from the stands .
Two boys , one wearing a blue shirt , the other wearing a muscle shirt , facing each other on a brick wall , next to a culvert .
Woman with yellow button up shirt and jeans is making beautiful pottery etchings into one of her works of art .
Several young black people traverse a market street in a rather dilapidated section of town .
A baseball pitcher is halfway through his motion of throwing the ball .
Two guys , one wearing a red costume and the other wearing a white top and black shorts , are playing beach volleyball .
A man who wearing blue color jacket and light green color trouser is cleaning his fishing nets after went for fishing .
A surfer has just fallen off his surfboard and only his feet are visible above the water .
An individual wearing blue latex gloves is compressing foods into juice with the aid of an instrument .
Two soccer players on different teams collide in midair while jumping towards the ball .
Two children playing soccer on the field , one is wearing a blue shirt and the other is wearing a orange shirt .
A person wearing a red coat is holding a beige and plaid umbrella while crossing the street .
A crowd of people run a marathon in a cityscape with two skyscrapers in the background .
A skateboarder rides the bowl of a skate park while a man watches in the background .
Someone is lunging for a soccer ball near a net in a game of water soccer .
A guy kisses another surprised looking man on the ear .
A group of people surrounding a man in a black and red striped shirt asking for his autograph .
A man in a blue shirt rides a skateboard along a railing not far from a brick wall .
A man sitting on railroad tracks eating something and selling something displayed on top of a crate .
A British gentleman , dressed in full military uniform , waving his hat with a background of people sitting back and looking out onto the waterway .
Indy car , white , blue with a red mark on the roof , rounding a turn , in front of the white car .
A man in a black , white , and red uniform is holding yellow ski poles and racing or preparing to race .
Person in black shirt lying on top of person in red shirt in the grass .
A very young child in a denim baseball cap eats a green apple .
Two football players leap into the air as a player on the opposing team moves toward them .
three musicians on a stage , two are guitarists , and one is wearing a hat , black striped pants , strumming a red electric guitar , and the other guitarist is strumming a white guitar while the other musician is wearing blue jeans and a black t-shirt and singing .
A bull rider in a white shirt jumping the fence to avoid being hit by the bull .
The back of a blond woman with braided hair playing tennis .
A man in a white shirt and black pants is playing a large brown instrument .
A man in a construction supply area , wearing blue jeans and bluish gray t-shirt , caries a bundle of metal on his shoulder
A woman who is sitting in a field listening to music throws a frisbree for her brown dog .
There is an outline of a male and female observing a bonfire or other large burning wooden object .
Two girls wearing pink have their hands in or near a fountain in a shopping complex where people throw coins in it .
a topless boy with long hair who is drenched in water , is flexing his muscles whilst smiling .
A martial artist wearing a white Gi and a black belt is pinning another man in a blue Gi to the ground .
A woman dressed in a red bikini is jumping up in the sand to reach the volleyball hitting it with the palm of her hand while people in the arena watch .
A blond child is being bitten on the nose by a little orange kitten .
Woman standing in front of a large pot holding the lid and wearing a yellow apron .
Two children walk over a stone bridge in the country to meet their parent .
Two women sit on a brown scooter , one is wearing blue jeans and a brown jacket , the other is carrying a bag and has on black pants and a black top with a green hat .
A group of people are getting fountain drinks at a convenience store .
A mountain bike rider wearing a helmet rides down a mountain trail with trees and a mountain ridge in the background .
A girl with orange hair and tattoos takes a picture of a painting with her phone .
A woman cyclist wearing a white helmet , sunglasses , black long-sleeved shirt and black and pink biking shorts pedals straight toward the camera lens .
Five cyclists , all wearing the same uniforms , are riding one behind the other in a bicycle race .
Four football players in black are tackling the opposing team 's player , shown in white , while it is raining .
Young defensive football players executing a tackle on a member of the opposite team during a football game .
At a men 's basketball game , number 55 , in white and yellow , tries desperately to prevent number ten , in black and gray , from making a shot while the rest of the players watch frozen on the court .
A man talking on his cellphone while holding a cigarette and wearing a blue shirt and navy blue jacket with a car in the background .
A man dressed in orange t-shirt is trying to hit a baseball , with a few people looking at them and a keeper behind trying to catch the ball .
A young , active man wearing a full helmet turning a corner on his mountain bike in the woods .
A player in a white and red uniform goes for a layup , while the player with a red and black uniform blocks the attempted shot .
A young boy is either jumping on a trampoline or skateboarding and he is serious about it on a beautiful summer day .
Two children wearing striped sweaters and black pants tussle outdoors near a play set .
A boy is pushing an object with a handle while wearing sunglasses by a building with a blue and white striped awning .
A young boy , dressed in a gray and blue baseball uniform , preparing to hit the ball off of the t-ball stand while onlookers watch from behind a chain link fence .
six men are sitting or laying on a patch of earth in a wooded area .
A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in its mouth .
A man in a yellow jacket with the number twelve on his back uses a rod to pull a horse , as people behind a Bud Light sign watch .
An Asian man is cooking in a restaurant with several large pieces of roasted meat hanging in the background .
There is lady with the white apron has an utensil standing over a wok , a man in blue shorts and blue shirt sitting down , a person in a pink shirt and others are in the background all in one place .
Marathon runners are racing on a city street , with other people standing around .
An oriental woman wearing a hat riding down the street on a bicycle .
Young boys are hanging out on the sidewalk next to trees , while one boy is exploring the dirt around the tree .
A man , who is wearing the tan coat , is gambling at a casino slot machine .
A young girl wades out into the water wearing safety floatation devices on her arms .
