A man wears an orange hat and glasses .
A Boston terrier is running in the grass .
A girl breaking boards by using karate .
Group gathered to go snowmobiling .
Three men are working on a roof .
Man taking a photograph of a well dressed group of teens .
Several students waiting outside an igloo .
A baseball catcher trying to tag a base runner in a baseball game .
A guy works on a building .
A construction worker holds a sign about bicycling .
A woman gives a small child a piggyback ride .
Men playing volleyball in the sand .
Women in store happily holding some food .
A man is sharpening a knife .
three people sit in a cave .
A little girl is walking on a balance beam .
A blond holding hands with a guy in the sand .
A woman in a cap at a coffee shop .
A young man climbs a rocky hill .
Pedestrians interact with street artists .
People standing outside of a building .
Girl playing the trumpet in a marching band
Trampolines are a fun way to exercise .
A man stands next to three video machines .
Spectators about to watch a woman use a drill .
A woman in a pink shirt cleaning a wooden table .
A man cutting branches of trees .
A group of asians smiling and eating .
The indian 's are performing a sacred dance .
A strong man is hitting to a person .
A group of people is bike riding in the woods .
Two women have a seat in a busy metropolitan area .
A boy playing in a lake
Three people sit at an outdoor cafe .
Boys look over a bridge on to a lake .
A lady in a striped shirt is shopping at a fish market .
A woman playing a harp .
Park Ranger looking very stern today
The young lady is looking at the pizza .
A man with no shirt fishing .
A girl floating wearing a life vest .
We have to go there to look into the machine .
People on a subway .
A child swings and the sunshine shines down on her .
A man walking into s foreign building .
Two men jumping excitedly at a rocky beach .
A toddler mixes some food in a bowel .
A man and two children are planting a tree .
A man cooking food on the stove .
A man plays with a ball at the beach .
People are walking by stores and window shopping .
A person upside down on a water board .
A large crowd of people are walking .
A man in a harness lands in the water .
A woman in jeans walks by a bus with an ad depicting a woman peering over her sunglasses .
A man sitting in the grass as a ball flies by .
A car parked at the beach .
Two male spectators
A muscular man in yellow pants .
Two men playing golf near water while the sun is setting .
Male cheerleading squad performs at a park .
Children playing checkers .
A crowd of people out for some fun in public park .
a man holds his dog near a pond .
Two children playing in the sand .
A woman in a blue shirt is looking in her change purse .
A gray dog plays in the sand at the ocean .
An Asian woman is selling colorful fabrics .
A man stands at a barbecues .
A band performs in a dimly lit setting .
A woman is playing guitar on stage
A woman sitting on a lawn chair .
Five people look out toward the ocean .
2 women are standing in a street playing a blue guitar and a violin .
a young girl swimming in a pool
A group of children are playing Tug-of-War .
Three people dancing in the subway .
A dog running with tongue hanging out .
People sitting outside a house enjoying wine .
These people are walking in a crowd of people .
Two young boys putting fruit on the bike .
A man is sitting on the street playing drums on buckets .
A woman is completing a picture of a young woman .
Females , who are on team usa , jump in the air excitedly .
A man with glasses stirs a pot on the stove .
Blond boy waterskiing .
hotdog stand on a busy street
some of the people in the crowd are having a drink
A lady in the kitchen is pouring wine .
A little boy holding a baby reptile .
A woman with pink hair dressed in black talks to a man .
A chef cooking at a hibachi grill .
A girl hops across the river , from rock to rock .
A man working on a ticket box .
a man in a gray shirt holds his hands in the air .
A young child practicing karate .
Three men work behind a short wall .
Woman is taking a picture of a baby in a pink hat .
A group of mostly asian children sitting at cubicles in blue chairs .
A young soccer boy crying in the soccer field
A young woman is working in a kitchen .
Construction equipment at work .
Girl hits a ball and the catcher looks on .
A man with a mustache works on a broken escalator .
A group of people are climbing in cold weather .
A man rock climbing in a forest .
A person does a handstand on public art .
A young child wearing a mask at Ivars .
A dog holds a stick in its mouth in the water .
A family fishes off the edge of a beach .
A little kid is walking next to red banners .
Two people on a bicycle are posing for a picture
A black dog is retrieving a ball in water .
A man kicking a workout bag .
Young asian man paying his respects .
A boy with writing on his hand is standing in a store .
Two people in a canoe on the waterside during sunset .
An Asian man wearing a Nike shirt is on a train in a subway .
man scaling wall with fire in hand
Two dogs run through a snowy field .
a band playing on stage for a crowd
A woman smiling at a baby .
a man with glasses typing on the computer
A woman in a sweater is laughing .
Two elderly men having a conversation .
dogs racing
A woman talks to her newborn child .
Men sitting in chairs in shallow water fishing .
A woman makes fabric in a village .
A boy stands overlooking a schoolyard where other children play .
A Car speeding past 2 pedestrians near a Metal Pole .
Three gray dogs jump at a woman .
The boy is hanging out of the yellow cab .
The man in the gray shirt is jumping off of the sand dune .
A child wearing a yellow shirt is jumping up and down .
A Heavy machine lifting up a worker .
A hispanic man talking to people .
A man in a bar .
A person is swinging by a cord over the ocean .
Guy outside of his car stuck in snow .
A terrier chasing a red ball .
A police woman smiling and wearing sunglasses and a hat .
A family walks through a park .
A man standing in a yellow jacket .
The blond girl is dancing inside a house .
A brown dog walks on the rocks near a river .
This man is at work on the street .
A man in a red shirt is eating .
A young lady in white holding a tennis racket
A little boy is kneeling looking at his yellow shovel
Woman in pink parka sits near vending machine .
Man on train starring out a window .
A blond woman holding a white statue .
Kids play in the water
Two people are riding bikes up a hill
A small girl jumping rope .
A man smiling with a helmet on his head .
New Mom plays with her young baby .
A little girl opening a Christmas present .
People at a photo shoot .
A sleepy little girl on a couch .
A dog running down a hill .
Two dogs play by a tree .
A woman walking up some stairs .
Two men cooking fast food .
A couple of men are standing outside a tent .
A white dog fetching a yellow toy .
Dog in jacket running through snow
A family is playing on the beach with their dog .
A mother and child are baking .
Two men and a lady are standing outside .
a group of young men and women push a boat to shore .
Man in black hat sipping wine .
A man intently playing piano .
A young boy on a Texas soccer team is playing soccer .
Man standing on rock with outstretched hands .
A dog drinks from a sprinkler .
Two girls posing for the camera .
There is a large man getting shaved .
A child in green shoes is splashing in a puddle .
A man is sawing a piece of wood .
A man sits at a table outdoors and watches people .
A young boy practices his bat swing while in the stands with blue seats .
A man wearing glasses sits in the grass .
Dogs run at a dog racetrack .
A middle-aged male is holding a spotlight .
Two German Sheppard dogs are fighting .
Youngle people standing together .
A dog running though a grassy field .
A man playing the accordion on a brick road .
A woman sitting on a bench by a coffee house .
A street musician playing .
two boys on a balance beam holding a rope
a man doing tricks on a motorcycle
A girl is sunning herself with a purple towel over her face .
Woman in a black shirt sitting on a red bench .
A dog walks on a log across a small river .
A child in colorful shorts is standing on a post in the street .
A group of people stand under umbrellas .
A man on a moped is riding down the street .
Someone is at the water 's edge with two dogs .
the peoples sitting in the chair
A view of a crowded city street .
A woman in a white shirt is holding a rope .
Two people in blue shirts using a megaphone .
A black dog springs up into a pool .
Cowboy at a rodeo riding a horse .
Men working on the railway lines .
A worker in an orange vest is using a shovel .
Two men with hard hats are talking .
Three people walking uphill
A bride and her bridesmaids are posing for a picture .
A guy sitting on a chair tunes his guitar .
Three young boys play outside .
Road workers paving a road .
Friends are going canoeing .
A group of children prepare to perform .
Teens doing there best at a jump photo .
Two men are paddling their small canoes through the water .
Two people painting a brick wall .
A girl in a red sweater sitting in an archway .
Two men pretend to be knights .
A GI relaxes and waits at an airport .
The adult cooks over the fire as the child looks on .
A man and a boy on a rocky beach .
A woman lowering ballast on a boat .
A boy looks over the city .
The girl loves her pink dress .
People are gathered in a park .
A young man is sitting in front of a drum .
The man is on his knees while reading to the two women .
little girls in swimsuits are laughing
A small dog leaps a barrier .
A dog lies on the ground .
Two brown dogs wearing collars fighting .
A man in a white shirt is holding a flaming pot .
A man in costume is ringing a bell .
The man fishing while sitting on the cliff .
dogs playing
Two men are discussing something .
A businessman looking out his door .
The children are getting off the bus .
Two woman wearing similar shirts walk to the left .
A young person is kayaking in blue water .
A child walks next to a woman down a park path .
Three people talking on a city street .
A girl is sitting with a boy on a chair .
A woman sitting with two men hugging .
Girl on roof of jeep being driven down road
A dog climbs a hill .
A boy with a winged bug perched on his nose .
A man holds a stick above a jumping dog .
A busy square somewhere in asia .
A greyhound racing .
Man with duffel bag sitting on a concrete curb .
A man and a woman sitting next to a black fence talking .
A kid is looking at coffee machines inside a store .
A man is drinking out of a yellow cup .
A boy is leaning on a car with flowers on the hood .
A family between a van and fence
A man on his wedding day .
Individuals are building a house .
Woman with a hat on climbing a cliff near a large body of water .
A dog jumps and catches a chew toy .
a skateboarder grinds a curb .
child in the road have no clothes
Umbrellas and junk sitting in a messy room .
A band on stage with guitars and brass
A construction worker getting his moves on .
A man and two young children are fishing by a pond .
a man runs with his dog at a dog show .
Man doing a back flip into the ocean .
A Asian women does her hair
a woman and three children are in a room full of toys .
A dog jumping over a beam
A man is playing music with a trumpet .
A man with his feet up using a telephone .
Several children sitting on the floor in a metal building .
A boy plays in the sand .
Three dogs play together in the field .
People sitting in a circle outside a large building .
two dogs jump for a ball on a green field .
A blond child swinging on a swing .
A man and two girls are talking and drinking wine .
A man preparing food on a grill .
A dog catching a Frisbee .
A band plays a concert for fans .
A child standing near a sand pyramid
Three little kids are playing on a yard .
A man is swinging a tool at his sculpture .
A man on a bicycle rides on a mountain .
A boy with blue and yellow rain boots runs on dirt .
People waiting at a bus stop .
Man skates along cement wall .
A young man is in practice .
A woman vending street food .
Two soccer teams are on the field .
A girl jumps in the air .
A goalie looks down-field .
People wearing sombreros drink shots happily .
a skateboarder grinds a red rail .
A child leaping toward a red bed .
Two people dressed as aliens encounter each other on a street .
Runner 3618 is racing down the street .
An Asian factory worker posing for the camera .
A man gives a thumbs up sign during his race .
Four men jumping in a basketball game
A University of Miami player holds a football .
A group of downhill skateboards going down a hill .
Everyone is getting ready to play the game .
A little girl is walking her bike a lawn .
Several children are all engaging in excersise
Small child is hanging out of a box on the sidewalk .
A brown dog runs in the sand .
Two men in army uniforms stand next to a woman .
Tibetan monks in dress crowd a temple .
A biker jumps an obstacle .
A woman is hugging a man 's arm .
Young kids are on a small train ride .
A man in blue surfs in the ocean .
a boy jumps on another boy .
Two soccer players are going after the ball .
a street full of citizens holding umbrellas
A child holds its arm up and laughs .
Young boy playing with Legos .
A family is standing under a very large tree .
Three people with political signs .
A man walks in the city .
Two men wearing hats .
A boy in midair trying to kick a soccer ball
A child is wearing a blue knitted hat .
A man is sitting playing guitar .
Man eats while holding a baby
A room full of people with a black kid showing a piece of art .
Africans at an organized event .
A man gives a speech at an ornate costume party .
an event with young adults .
Two girls walk down across a parking lot .
A man uses stereo equipment .
A surfer riding under a wave .
A man serving and protecting .
A couple shares a kiss holding a bouquet .
Masked protester surrounded by the police .
A dog leaping over a hurdle .
Woman reading letters in great window light .
People leaning on a railing .
A man grips the underhang of a rock .
A man hanging out in a commercial kitchen .
Two men wearing black wife beater 's playing the drums .
Three people are harvesting crops .
Three people are gathered for a picture .
Three kids play with silly string .
The chef is trying to debone a chicken .
People are protesting against coal .
A male airborne on a bicycle .
A young girl running on the beach .
White duck flapping its wings in the water .
People stand in a warehouse .
Mother tending to her child .
A hockey player guards the goal .
A man carrying a bag walks past an electronics sign .
Three boys climb on a slide
A dog tamer creates human jumping ring .
Wet blond dog running through water
many people carry their drums .
Some kids play in a field .
Five people are playing classical musical .
A girl in a purple dress crying on the floor .
A man shaving his gray beard .
Four dogs stand in the snow .
The basketball player is number 21 from Miami .
A man in a pink shirt sitting next to a small building .
Kids are sitting on a man in a banana suit .
A small dog leaps over a stream .
People gathering near a fountain while it snows .
Old men stand on the street .
A dog is walking along a snowy surface .
A group of soccer players are playing soccer .
One large Caucasian woman is knitting at a table .
Four women in yellow dresses are performing a ballet .
A person is playing an unique instrument .
A girl in black runs a race .
The skier is on the snow .
A man and child working on a puzzle .
A film crew is filming a student in a classroom .
A girl is riding her bike at night .
A man is riding a bull in a rodeo .
The boy is jumping in the air .
Kids scale a wall as two other people watch .
A student walking across campus .
kid practicing karate move
Two boys hanging off a tire dock .
Two men breakdancing , with a crowd looking on .
A lovely woman makes a point at a business meeting .
A lady is laying on a brown plaid couch .
lady helping clean a " dirty " floor
A deer jumps a fence .
Three dogs playing on grass .
two smiling kids walking on sand
A child is enjoying the ducks on a fall day .
Four people holding three dogs in a field .
Group of people standing in front of a stone structure .
a lady looks surprised .
Africans gather water at an outdoor tap .
A man standing on a city street .
Several birds flying in front of trees .
Two men are riding a large wagon pulled by a donkey .
A man stands on a mountaintop .
An Asian woman is making a snow angel .
Three men smiling and gesturing .
A man is describing stuff using chalk on a chalkboard .
A businessman giving a powerpoint presentation .
Four people are sitting at the top of a hill .
A skateboarder doing a jump on train tracks .
A man playing tennis .
Two dogs , one with mouth open .
The boy is outside enjoying a summer day .
A man working on a machine .
A cowboy Roping a calf in a rodeo .
Two dogs on the beach .
An employee takes a break from working to have a drink
The dog is holding a yellow toy .
Two ice hockey players
A man controls a large equipment board .
A horse and dog look at each other in a field .
He is smoking looking at the person .
Two guys and a girl smiling .
A young girl plays as a woman talks on phone .
A dog getting a ball in the snow
The little girl is kissing the brown cat .
Children playing on a playground .
A male tennis player holding his tennis racket .
A boy in a red suit plays in the water .
A child outside with snow .
Men with hats on stand outside of a white tent .
Two men chilling by a campsite .
Two old men having a conversation .
A smiling woman holding a smiling child .
A black and white dog is playing with a white ball .
A high class woman kissing a man .
A woman plays volleyball .
Two boxers playfully snap at each other .
A brown dog jumping over a hurdle .
A man smoking a cigarette in front of a horizontal garage .
A little girl is holding a little boy on her lap .
A man is about to fall onto the ground while he rodeos .
Children are playing tug-of-war .
A blurred picture on a bicyclist .
Two people and a leashed cow at a home .
A man helps a boy ride a bike .
A child is sweeping outside of a building .
A family in the desert .
A man playing an instrument next to a tree .
Two women are sitting at a table .
A brown dog in running on grass .
Two girls playing in a game of softball .
A woman is holding a large check for Kids Food Basket .
two dogs playing with a ball .
Two adults and two children sit on a park bench .
A woman blowing on a dandelion .
A man sells potatoes to a group of people .
A guy playing an accordion with people listening and watching .
a man sits on a bench listing to his iPod
A grumpy old man reads a newspaper on public transit .
A butcher is cutting some meat .
A man in a red outfit balances on a bike .
Man building a sand castle .
Several people are eating lots of food .
Two women are strapped to a tree in some type of construction job .
A horse bucks it 's rider at a rodeo .
A tan dog is jumping through a fire hoop
Large woman in pink shirt putting on red lipstick .
Dad is adjusting daughter 's bike .
The girls dance to the street musicians
a tan dog holding a stick in his mouth .
A person outlined by the sun
A rock concert is taking place .
Three women in colorful costumes holding I love you signs .
A brown dog digs in the sand .
A young boy is holding a tennis racket .
The two dogs are running into the woods .
A child splashes in water .
A sumo wrestler accepting an award .
Two gentlemen outside beside a log .
Three men tackle someone from the opposite team .
Two boys playing ball in the street .
Two people play outdoors .
A white dog is walking on a rocky hillside .
A skateboarder riding inside a swimming pool .
A man performs on the keyboard .
Three men accepting an award .
Two bald people in red clothes
A boy is playing on a clothing rack .
A young girl playing on a blue playground .
A man in green jumps serveral motorbikes on his own motorbike .
A woman and three children .
Some boys playing soccer in the sand
Two girls hugging .
Two medium sized dogs run across the snow .
A woman holding a white dog points at a brown dog in the grass .
A man in straw hat is looking at pictures on a table .
Two older people drinking coffee outside .
Two guys in leather , standing in a crowd .
A child laying on the floor .
A couple smiling while sitting .
Two women in a mudfight .
A guy in a white shirt is walking with a drink in his hand .
Two children are walking by a pond
Several people sit at a table in formal clothing .
Two women one in blue the other in pink rollerskating .
The four people sit on a pile of rocks .
Dirt bikers riding off a jump .
A person biking near trees .
Man in a green shirt holding his shoes walking on the sand .
Pit crew working on a race car .
Two men under the body of a drag car .
Three girls jump into a pool .
A man jumping onto a platform .
A woman in a striped outfit on a bike .
A woman dressed in black .
A man making a canvas shade .
Four men sit on a church 's steps .
A building is getting demolished .
An gymnast is working the bar .
an old woman selling fresh spices .
Two men are busy working .
A woman is helping a child build using toys .
A little girl is sleeping with a book .
A woman in a blue shirt in the wild .
man in black walking up a sidewalk .
A woman wearing a hat with making bread .
A black woman works in a field .
A man practices a martial arts pose .
Person standing with a cart on wheels in front of a brick building .
An older man in a flannel shirt , sitting down .
A woman in a white blouse is working in a restaurant .
The electrical worker in the back of his work truck .
2 kids talk to the horses .
Guy in Art Deco Glass Home .
Two women having a conversation in a city area .
A cowboy wrapping up his arm with a bandage .
Two men converse along the sidewalk .
Three young girls in arts and crafts room .
A girl in a red shirt is playing tennis .
A man standing in a green box .
Man cheering a friend with beers .
A man is loading a box truck with lots of baked pretzels .
A man in a black jacket playing the guitar .
A dance group performs in a parade in china .
a man stands alone on the rocks .
A police officer standing on a train .
Two policemen standing in a parking lot .
Two fans are cheering at a sporting event .
A crowd of guards standing on a sidewalk .
Woman doing yoga on a beach .
Crowd gathered in city park .
A man is making balloon animals outside .
Two men are cooking meat on the grill .
Merchants and customers at a market .
A woman in a bikini pours a drink for a man .
kid in sunglasses running
Man hitting a nail into a tree log .
A man is sitting down with black gloves on his hands .
Two men are sitting on white chairs .
A young girl in a red dress is wearing a black cowboy hat .
A soccer match being played .
A man doing tricks in the snow .
Several people watching a race .
People on laptops in front pf a large window .
A dj playing music in a club .
A man harvests a field of fresh corn .
Slanted aerial view of a cafeteria .
A group of people attending an event .
A cat looking after the rabbits in a cage .
A woman sits alone against a brick wall
Three girls talking in a lobby .
Little town and its people on the streets .
Children sitting and writing .
A dog is playing in water on a beach .
Three dogs affectionately playing
young boy on a motorcycle smiling .
A happy family at thanksgiving .
Man in Santa suit socializes at holiday event .
Protesters holding a petition in the rain .
A man in red pants is carrying groceries on a motorcycle .
Karate is not for the light-hearted !
Battling between the sexes , who will win .
A man in uniform is walking by a car .
Girl climbing rock wall
A man in a green jacket working on a car .
Business ideas are scattered about a table in a meeting .
A young man in glasses sings and plays guitar .
People in a restaurant waiting .
Two girls running along the shore .
Workers talk near train tracks .
Man stands on city street beneath pine tree .
Children play on a jungle gym .
A girl straddles a bike rack on a city street .
An elderly woman cutting fruit at a market .
A guy in a yellow hat talking into a microphone .
A dog in a field with a Frisbee .
karate kick in the desert
Two women share a laugh in the city .
A child looks bewildered as he lies next to his red sled .
Woman sitting in the grass with many dogs around her .
Various actors perform on a heart shaped stage .
A woman is processing plant fluid in a tribal village
A man and a woman in a very intimate dance .
Three dogs race towards the viewer over a lawn .
A bearded man wearing a denim jacket sits on a bench .
A group of men , women and children are standing around .
A small girl is brushing a goat
A crowd eats in a restaurant .
A toddler eats a cookie with both hands .
Man in long-sleeve shirt mows his lawn .
An exhibit of artistic black and white photos .
A female child is on the shoulders of parent .
A man in blue watches a family walk by while sitting in the snow .
A cat sits upon a business sign .
A young man on the street listening to headphones .
A brunette man playing rugby .
A couple is walking in a building .
A woman poses with a smile with two pink puppies at her hand .
A Businessman walks away from a bus with a cup of coffee .
A man in an orange hat jumping .
a woman twirling multicolored ribbons
Lady out with a elder person in wheelchair , in the sun .
A man is cooking outdoors with a female watching .
A lady standing at a crosswalk .
People walking down A European Street .
A road next to an interesting place with lots of pillars .
A large green metal ball is in a plaza .
Man carrying a few cases of beer .
A street musician is playing the accordion .
A woman is wearing a green , red , and white shirt .
A young girl is running across the beach to get to the water .
a young man is skateboarding down the side of a road .
A man in a blue jacket is taking a picture of a church .
An audience at a soccer game .
2 women and 2 girls crossing the road
A group of people walk along a sidewalk .
A man in a brown coat rubs his nose .
Some plants are growing near the window .
baseball player in black and gray uniform swinging at ball .
A woman in a gold jacket waiting in the subway .
People are sitting on benches in a plaza .
One man sitting at a bus stop .
A man is smiling and holding a sign .
a woman holding a cookie and coffee
A man on the street playing a guitar .
An older woman on the computer
A man inhaling smoke from a smoke-pot
A man looking in the mirror fixing his tie .
A string quartet dazzles their audience .
Two men on a produce cart driven by a horse .
A blond woman walking in heels .
A guy ready to make a purchase at a small shop .
A man hauling dirt and sand in a backhoe .
a black and white cat looking at a baby .
A woman carrying a guitar is walking .
A man wearing a backpack is walking down the street .
Two friends meet up at a shop .
A girl posing in the kitchen .
A group of people gather on a outdoor patio .
A man riding his bike up the ramp .
A tattooed blond woman is holding a purse .
Three girls wearing jackets running outside .
Woman in black graduation gown with red flower .
a kid riding a skateboard .
Man standing by 9-11 poster
A black man and white woman sing together .
Child with curly hair laying in a field holding a dandelion .
Young girls wearing green jerseys and black shorts stretch their legs .
A man and woman are embracing behind caution tape .
a man is cleaning out a small temple .
Old people are playing bocce ball .
A busy day for citizens at a local city court .
A man in a gray wife beater grilling .
Two groups of swimmers wade out .
A group of people and a headless , legless mannequin are in a park .
Several workers wearing hard hats dig a hole .
A man wearing long , black shorts stands in front of a body of water .
Men in uniform are standing on a street .
Three people playing pool and one is thinking of his next shot .
Several pedestrians in front of a fountain .
A guy and a girl having a conversation .
Tourists enjoying mother nature .
Two monks are visiting a big city .
Blond woman hanging over the edge .
A woman and a man at a crosswalk in nyc .
Firemen emerge from a subway station .
Four men sit on the found in front of a church or synagogue .
People are sitting at tables .
A man in a red shirt walking down a city street .
Two doctors perform an operation .
Man smoking , while inspecting his camera .
Four people playing instruments on a public place .
Two people , dressed in red , dancing .
Couple watching the moon on a bridge .
A BMX racer is riding his bike in full gear , with another racer in the background .
A bunch of people in orange shirts at an event .
Two people are running along side a building .
2 men going up a mountainside .
A child in a harness laying on the sidewalk .
A dog begging to a man and a woman .
People are shopping for fish at a market .
two guys playing the guitar
two guys drinking beer outside on a bench .
Two people are looking at an inflatable climbing wall .
Bicyclers riding over a bridge on a sunny day
Woman in a pink shirt and wearing glasses .
Someone looking at a mass of people in the street .
A boy in white shorts is jumping into a lake or river .
A girl looking through binoculars .
A man working in the ground in the dirt looking away .
A man is attempting to cross the street .
Protesters joining on a city street .
Cowboys are riding on horses in a dirt field .
A guy with a red shirt walking .
Two nuns stand on the street .
A woman with neon headphones writes in a notebook .
Young woman in market talking on cellphone .
A young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride
People sit in an Asian restaurant .
A street vendor in Asia tries to bring in more customers .
A teen with a purse squats on a curb .
A black and a yellow dog
A man packs up his toy airplane .
A man is watching something in the sky .
Picture of a train and people in a subway .
A boy in a red shirt walking with American flags .
A black dog is running outside with a toy in its mouth .
Man in black shirt waiting with luggage .
A yellow dog anticipates a ball .
The kids are listening to their teacher .
Road construction arrows are pointing left .
A man rides his bike on the boardwalk .
people on a miniature train .
A guy and a girl are dressed for summer .
A blue boat sitting on a dock .
A tourist photographing tall buildings .
A man in a blue plaid shirt looking up .
Two women are walking on a footpath .
A band prepares as they stand on a platform .
Two boys lifting a dirt bike .
Three hikers a traversing a trail as a young lady inspects her camera .
Many Asian people waiting at a train stop .
A brick wall has colorful graffiti on it .
Rhythmic gymnasts are new to the competitive olympics .
People are sitting around and playing in a fountain .
a man is sitting by the sidewalk .
old men in striped shirts holding flags
People are admiring a work of art .
People walking around in a mall .
People walking up a narrow set of wooden stairs .
A little boy playing with a red ball near the forrest .
People are busy shopping at a grocery store .
An elderly man playing a drum .
A boy stands with three girls .
A group of tourists is excited .
Four men leaning over a green fence and smiling .
A young women sunbathes at the sea .
The two dogs are outside .
Pedestrians walk by outside a cafe .
a black man exercising his religious freedom .
Police motorcycle waiting at a red light .
A group of Asian men are playing a game .
People stand outside behind a railing .
Two women , one walking her dog the other pushing a stroller .
Teenager standing up with a headband on
Two people are riding a motorcycle along with many other riders .
two girls wearing an army uniform .
Three girls smiling for the camera .
Three people are sitting on a wooden bench .
A blond man is drinking from a public fountain .
Two men and a woman walking together .
An older man holding a newborn baby .
Young boy in red hat riding a horse .
two kids playing with toys
Little girl standing in sand at the beach .
An old man is sitting alone on a couch and sleeping .
The children are looking upward while waving their arms .
A man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .
A girl is holding up the peace sign .
Three men sit outside of a cafe .
A man is upside down in the air .
A man is walking near a very colorful wall .
Two young people walk down a sidewalk in jackets .
A craftsperson making metal objects .
People climbing up stairs with graffiti behind them .
A group of people at an outdoor fruit market
Children are eating food at a table .
Girl with shaved head walks on path beside building .
Three people sitting in a large bike basket .
A man in a teal shirt reads a newspaper .
A picture of two little boys holding books .
two kids sitting at a table eating .
Many people outside on bicycles .
Whole Foods hosts a " City Picnic . "
A man is being pulled by a donkey .
a man on a bike in the city area .
A boy is sitting down while smoking .
two men in black holding an umbrella in the street .
Old man riding a bike down the street .
A man on a horse lassos a cow .
Cowboy preparing to lasso .
Two person are riding their bicycles .
A man is stooping in front of a billboard .
A man in a motor cart rides by to witness the park area .
A tattooed woman taking a picture with a digital camera .
a man turning to have his picture taken , as his 3 friends continue walking away
A couple looking at a map .
An Asian woman is talking on the phone outside of a hospital .
white bench looking out onto the ocean with dog .
Tourists walk among the grounds near a historic site .
A child stands outside with a crowd of adults in white .
A woman wearing all black looking at something .
Seniors gathered around a table .
A mural on the side of a building .
A man in an apron holding a bowl .
A woman in a white shirt working on her laptop .
male working on a computer under surveillance .
man playing guitar on the street
These two workers are working in the green field .
A woman midair vaulting over a bar .
A man is astride a rearing horse in an arena full of spectators .
Two cute little girls enjoying corn on the cob .
The boys wearing the purple uniforms tackled number 25 .
The smiling baby is being held by a smiling adult .
Two men looking at a computer .
The boy and woman are working .
A child looking through a telescope .
3 men cooking in a small kitchen .
A little girl in pink is skiing .
Spectators are watching two women dance .
This is people doing laundry .
A girl sitting on a chair backwards .
Men spot welding on a the sidewalk of a city street .
A long-haired young man skateboarding on the rails on a cloudy day .
Workers are removing ice from a walkway .
A man in a dimly lit room playing a guitar .
A girl shows her camera to other girls .
A boy jump kicks off a dock into a lake .
A woman with glasses is undergoing a dental procedure .
A man in an orange jacket is snowboarding .
A naked little girl plays in a mud puddle .
A child is riding a bike down an alleyway with graffiti in it .
A female gymnast performing a jump .
People on a street going about their business .
Older man stands by his donkey .
Two children are playing on a bicycle .
two soccer players in long sleeves
A man posing for the camera on steps .
A girl drinking from a water fountain .
A man in a helmet treads water .
A man in a lab coat looks through a microscope .
A blond girl sleeps on a brown couch .
A man in a red shirt sweeping the sidewalk .
Three men are cooking in a kitchen .
A smiling man is holding a tool .
Two little girls holding hands on a beach .
Young children playing with paper .
A group of kids playing on bicycles on a trial .
A young boy wearing a chef 's hat and apron is slicing sausage .
This is a clown at an elementary school .
A boat captain steering a large green wheel .
A wheel loader picking up some dirt .
A person in a red shirt and black pants is riding a white horse .
A woman reclines on top of a large rock with green trees in the background .
Three men are wearing strange costumes .
A girl plays in a small pool .
A boy and a girl swinging in a park shaded by trees .
man in silhouette casts net into water .
A man in a vest works outside .
Men installing beams for a tall structure .
Four musicians perform on stage at a large concert venue .
Punk rocker playing the drums and singing .
Tattooed couple in green at the grocery checkout .
The man with the cane is on a walk .
A woman exercises on an elliptical machine .
A bald man holds his daughter up on his shoulders .
Two dancers practicing together .
Several people dancing outside a building .
A man walks down the alley talking on his cellphone .
An adult performing a finger puppet show with a young child in a costume .
A crowd of people are watch two guys play buckets .
Young girl rollerblading with safety gear .
A blue train collides with a small car on the tracks .
Two blond men rocking out on a dark stage .
Person in white shirt and blue shorts in the water next to a big rock .
band doing a concert for people
A group of people dancing .
Woman in white dress selling items on the stairs .
Politicians are talking to each other .
A row of bikers wearing red and black .
A man is kicking a soccer ball .
A man is selling snacks at a sporting event .
2 teams of men playing football .
group of children playing soccer .
A girl bowling at a bowling alley .
Three boys are playing soccer .
Boy sits on his skateboard on the elevators .
Runner named Kim , running in the street .
A choir of youths are singing .
# 8 for Iowa State stiff arms a Texas AM player attempting to tackle him .
Two men are learning to how to play curling .
Men play soccer on a muddy field .
The two college basketball teams are playing a game .
Men and women are walking in the street .
Two race cars burn rubber as spectators watch .
A football player wearing white and green has a football .
Finishing a summer time treat , a popsicle .
A woman and child are walking .
Hockey match between a white and red team .
A race between friends at the park .
A young black boy is playing tennis .
The young lady is giving the old man a hug .
A man is giving some kind of magic presentation to a family .
Tired little boy lays down on a display bed at a store .
A man relaxing after riding his bike .
A smiling lady is skiing in extremely cold weather .
There are five people working at a table .
A man at a rodeo who may have fell off the horse .
Three people drinking and having a good time .
Teen female enjoys going swimming .
Two children sitting with a black puppy .
A karate instructor observes his students .
Laying on a couch in Ikea
Students work together in groups .
Two jockeys on horses are racing down a track .
The red car is ahead of the two cars in the background .
The bulls wins , but not before it is stopped in its tracks .
Man prepares to take a kayak ride .
One boy at the shooting range .
Young men playing football .
Two kids are standing next to a small pond .
A woman draws a floral design on a clay pot .
African marketplace on a hot summer day .
A man throws a pitch during a baseball game .
two males playing volleyball on the beach .
A man is standing in a boat holding some netting .
Only feet are visible above the water .
A technician preparing a sample in the lab .
Two football players , jumping in attempt to win a header .
Two boys play soccer against each other .
Old lady crossing street with an umbrella .
Many people run in a marathon through a city .
A long-haired male skateboarding .
People playing a game in the pool .
Two gay men in a room kissing .
A father showing his son something on paper .
Man , skateboarding
A person sitting on train tracks is selling food .
A British military man is raising his hat .
Two cars are on a racetrack .
A smiling athlete in a black and red helmet holding ski poles .
A boy lays on top of a girl in a field .
A young boy is eating an apple .
four young football players in mid play .
At a rock concert a man dressed in black and white pants and a checked hat plays his red guitar while another man sings .
A man jumping away from a bull .
A tennis player strikes the ball .
A man is playing an interment in a concert
A man carrying steel beams across a lumberyard .
A woman is throwing a red Frisbee toward a brown dog .
A silhouette of a man and woman stand in front of a wall of fire .
Two girls dipping their hands in a fountain as people walk by .
A bare chested smiling child plays in water .
Two young men wrestling competitively .
A volleyball player hitting a ball on the beach .
A cat bites a human 's nose .
Lady in a red shirt cooking .
kids playing on a rock looking at mud .
Two women riding on a vespa , sadly only one is enjoying herself .
people get their slushies .
A man is riding a bike on a steep tilt .
Girl with tattoos looking a painting .
A woman in a cycling jersey rides a bicycle .
Four bicyclists in turquoise and striped tops are riding in a competition .
Young men playing football .
The ball carrier is being tackled by a group of opposing players .
The basketball player tries to block an opposing player .
Have a quick chat and smoke break .
A player swings at a ball .
A dirt biker riding on a familiar trail .
Two young men , one in a white jersey and one in a red jersey , playing basketball .
A boy grabs his leg as he jumps in the air .
Two young boys play together at a park .
A man with sunglasses rides a scooter .
A young boy about to hit a baseball off of the tee .
Pickers working out on a farm .
A puppy has a stick in its mouth .
This is a man dressed in yellow holding the reign of a brown horse
The chef is preparing a meal .
An Asian woman is cooking in an outdoor kitchen .
Runners in a race run down a busy street
A Asian woman riding a bike .
A child is watching his friend by the tree .
Man playing slots in a casino .
A child playing in the ocean .
