A man with glasses is wearing a beer can crocheted hat .
A Boston Terrier is running on lush green grass in front of a white fence .
Girl about to kick a piece of wood in half while karate instructor holds it
Five people wearing winter jackets and helmets stand in the snow , with snowmobiles in the background .
Two men on a rooftop while another man stands atop a ladder watching them
A man in light colored clothing photographs a group of men wearing dark suits and hats standing around a woman dressed in a strapless gown .
A group of people wearing snowshoes , and dressed for winter hiking , is standing in front of a building that looks like it 's made of blocks of ice .
A boy in a red uniform is attempting to avoid getting out at home plate , while the catcher in the blue uniform is attempting to catch him .
A man in a white shirt stands high up on scaffolding
Man in bright yellow vest displays bicycle safety information on street .
A baby boy in a blue and white striped shirt is sitting on his mother 's shoulders .
Men playing volleyball , with one player missing the ball but hands still in the air .
Woman wearing a yellow hat , pink shirt , and red apron is holding food in a kitchen .
A man working diligently while sitting at a table .
Shaft of light in a cave shows three spelunkers
A girl in a jean dress is walking along a raised balance beam .
A man and woman wearing sunglasses sit halfway in the water .
A woman in a gray sweater and black baseball cap is standing in line at a shop .
A kid rock climbing against the backdrop of a green valley
Two women enjoy the entertainment of street performers .
Many people in blue jeans stand in front of a white church .
Girl wearing blue shirt and black shorts plays trumped outside .
A young adult is doing a back flip on a trampoline near a lake .
A man stands next to three video game machines and a beer sign .
a woman using a power drill in front of a group of people .
A woman in a pink sweater and an apron , cleaning a table with a sponge .
This man bravely cuts down trees on the job .
Group of Asian boys wait for meat to cook over barbecue .
Three people are dressed in costumes and playing musical instruments .
A man in red shirt displays his fighting technique on another man in gray shirt .
Men , surrounded by nature , are riding mountain bikes .
two females in a sitting down in a highly populated area .
A little boy is playing in the water with a beautiful sunset and mountains in the background .
Three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack .
The boys are having fun jumping off the bridge into the water .
An employee is handing a woman a bag while she is browsing through fish on ice at a street market .
A lady with dark hair is playing a harp .
Outside a building , a uniformed security guard looks at the camera from behind a fence .
Woman who just took pizza out of the oven and ca n't wait to eat it .
A shirtless man in shorts is fishing while standing on some rocks .
a young girl wearing a bulky red life jacket floating in a lake .
A man in uniform and a man in a blue shirt are standing in front of a truck .
Two men and one woman are sitting in a subway train .
The sun breaks through the trees as a child rides a swing .
A man walking into a building while a dog looks at him .
Two middle-aged men are jumping for joy on a beautiful beach surrounded by rocks .
A naked baby makes a face while helping someone stir food
A father-figure and two children outside their home doing yard work such as using a hoe on the grass and planting a tree .
A man is cooking on a stove in a kitchen , using wooden utensil .
An elderly man tossing a red rubber ball on the beach .
A man with a backpack stopping and looking at the display in the store .
an upside down man doing a flip on a waterski board
A large crowd of people walking while being controlled by officers among them .
A man on a zip line being propelled through the water .
A woman wearing rolled up jeans and a black shirt is walking past a bus carrying a shopping bag .
A man in a red shirt is sitting on the grass , and a ball is flying towards him .
A red , white , and blue security vehicle is driving down a rocky beach toward some birds on a cloudy day .
Two guys standing side by side .
A man in yellow pants and wearing no shirt is being watched by many people .
Two men wearing hats and using walking sticks are walking near a body of water during sundown .
A group of male and female cheerleaders create three formations .
A boy is playing checkers with an adult shown off-screen while a girl looks on .
In front of palm trees , figures ride bicycles while a couple walk and a child wears rollerskates near an older person .
A man holding a dog sitting on a bench overlooking a lake .
A man in a red jacket and a child with a mohawk dig with shovels at a park near the beach .
A woman in blue looks in a black leather bag while sitting on a bench during a sunny afternoon while people and limousines passed behind her .
The large gray colored dog is jumping on the beach .
A woman is sitting with a basket of cloth , surrounded by cloth .
A man gives the thumbs up as he grills chicken .
A woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar .
Guitar player performs at a nightclub red guitar .
a child sitting on a lawn chair looking up at the camera
A group of people stand in the sand looking out at the water .
A female performer with a violin plays on a street while a woman with a blue guitar looks on .
A dark-skinned girl with goggles and black hair in water .
Several children are outdoors getting ready to play tug-of-war .
A person is cartwheeling over another person while a third person runs behind them .
A gray dog walks in the green grass , tongue hanging out .
A group of people are sitting on the grass outside of a rustic building .
Shirtless guy staring off in the distance while three woman are walking past a crowd sitting outside a cafe .
Two young men getting ready to move fruit on their bike .
A man in a black t-shirt , cap and jeans is playing drums on an upside down yellow pail .
A woman drawing a portrait on a white wall with trees in the background .
Two female members of team USA performing a jump high-five surrounded by two other female members .
Man with a white T-shirt and black rimmed glasses cooking a pot of food on the stove .
The boy is wakeboarding on the lake .
A vendor on a busy street is selling food .
People sitting around in a semi circle all looking in the same direction .
A woman in a restaurant pouring wine into a clear glass .
A small child wearing a blue and white t-shirt happily holding a yellow plastic alligator .
A red-haired woman in black is posing for a man while resting on a tree .
The man in a Japanese cooking suit is preparing a meal for two people .
A little girl jumps from one rock to another in a creek .
A woman dressed in black with shopping bags is waiting on the sidewalk .
Old man with black shirt throws hands up while sitting next to white woman and white man .
One little boy working hard in his martial arts class .
Three men wearing safety vests and doing yard work in a field .
A man is holding his baby while a woman takes a picture of the baby .
A large group of kids in a room sitting on front of there computers with orange barriers separating them .
A young boy in a soccer uniform crying into his palms .
A female barista dressed in black is making coffee behind a counter .
A man in an orange safety vest is using a piece of machinery .
A Pride softball team member hits the ball and runs towards first base while the umpire and catcher watch the ball .
A man in a navy blue jacket holding a tool in his dirty hand .
A group of hikers are climbing up a snowy mountain .
A boy in blue shorts and a white shirt begins repelling down a rock .
A man is doing a handstand on top of a circular sculpture covered with graffiti .
A child with a mask on sitting at a table with a plate in front .
A dog is running through a creek with a stick in its mouth .
An adult wearing a black shirt and tan pants is standing at the water 's edge with two children .
A racetrack with red chairs stacked beside fence with a child walking .
A girl is taking a picture of a girl and guy on a colorfully decorated pink bike .
A black dog swims in water with a colorful ball in his mouth .
A man in white pants and a blue shirt is kicking a yellow boxing bag .
A young boy and an old men involved in some type of ritual ceremony .
a boy with a bruised nose and writing on his hands is standing in a video rental store .
Two people sitting on a kayak in calm water looking at a marvelous sunset .
People inside a subway car hold on to the rails while people outside the subway car walk away .
A well-dressed man climbing between two columns while holding torches .
Two brown dogs are running through the snow .
On stage photo of small band performing for theater audience .
A mother and her baby in his " First Christmas " outfit .
A man in glasses completes a task beside a monitor that is not on .
This lady has heard a funny joke and laughing .
A man on a brown coat is talking to a man with black pants and a man in a suit .
Four muzzled black and white dogs racing over a jump .
A woman with short hair holds a small baby in her arms .
Two people are sitting fishing on striped beach chairs in a body of water .
A woman works extremely hard while working on some type of weaving while what looks to be her children hang around behind her .
A boy standing in the foreground looking out over other people in a court .
Two persons in hooded coats on a street while a mini cooper car drives by .
Three brown dogs are jumping up at the woman wearing blue .
A little boy sitting in the window of a taxi cab .
A man in a long-sleeved gray shirt and jeans leaps from a sandy hillside .
A child wearing a yellow Doritos shirt jumps up while another child is seen in the background .
A worker in a yellow suit and red hat is working high above the city .
A man is standing in front of a classroom full of students teaching about Brazil
A picture of five people at a bar with a closeup on the beer taps .
A person rappelling a cliff above a body of water .
A man standing in snow in front of a red nissan jeep .
A white and brown dog jumps towards a red ball .
A female police officer in a cap and navy uniform smiles while wearing sunglasses outside of a shop .
An old man in a green shirt is walking down a paved path with three small children .
A man in a green hard hat and yellow safety vest frowns .
Child with pink strings on head dancing surrounded by confetti , balloons .
A dog with a snub nose smells for something on a riverbank .
A man in a white shirt doing some kind of work on a street .
A man sits in an outdoor cafe finishing a meal .
Young pretty blond women holding a tennis racket dressed as if to begin a tennis match .
A boy wearing a red shirt digs into the sand with a yellow shovel .
A woman in a pink parka with a yellow striped bag sits alone on a bench near a Coca-Cola vending machine .
A man wearing a white button down shirt looking out of a window of a train .
Asian person holding a white porcelain Asian figurine of a woman holding a fan .
A group of kids is splashing in deep water nearby a rock formation .
Two people bicycle on a path separated by small mountains .
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage .
A man wearing a helmet and sunglasses smiles .
A young Caucasian child and another adult lady are playing with a house made out of Legos .
Two ladies and a little girl in her pajamas opening gifts
The woman in blue is operating a camera in front of two other women .
The little girl is sitting in the chair with her head resting on the arm of the chair .
a brown and black dog running on a trail in the woods .
A dog leaps high in the air while another watches .
A navy walking wearing a black coat and pants on the stairs as camera focuses on the dog
A man , wearing a green shirt , is cooking food in a restaurant .
A man with a sleeveless black vest and a black cowboy hat is talking to another man .
a white dog is running on a grassy path carrying a yellow object in its mouth .
Dog running though the snow in a green cover .
A fluffy black-and-white dog runs from three people on a sandy beach .
A woman and a child embrace while the child tastes what they have been making .
A man in a brown coat , with a fancy scarf , waits next to a woman and a man wearing headphones .
Many fishermen are trying to drag a boat to the shore from the sea .
A man in a black sweater and cap looks at a paper while drinking out of a wineglass .
A man in dress clothing playing a brown piano .
A blond boy wearing a blue shirt and yellow shorts king a soccer ball .
A man is standing on a stone structure with his arms out like a bird .
A black dog bites at a stream of water on the grass .
Two women wearing tank tops are looking at the camera .
The man with the brown hair is at the shop getting his beard cutoff .
a young child wearing green boots playing in a mud puddle
A man in blue overalls is operating a chainsaw .
A man sitting at a picnic table with a tray and partially consumed beer in front of him .
A little boy is holding a skinny baseball bat while standing between two rows of blue seats .
A man with a beard and glasses sits in the grass next to a pine tree .
Four dogs in blue , green , red and black jerseys are racing .
A light technician man with tribal tattoos aiming a spotlight over a balcony .
A German shepherd is showing its teeth as it growls at another German shepherd .
This is a group of people standing around at some sort of event .
Brown dog with objest in mouth moving toward camera .
Man with white hair playing an accordion in the middle of some buildings .
A brunette woman inside a coffee shop is watching a brunette woman outside of a coffee shop .
A man next to a bicycle is playing a pan flute .
Two boys are standing on a balance beam while playing with a green rope .
A man riding a motorcycle is performing a trick at a track .
A young woman is laying in the sun with her face covered by a purple scarf .
A woman is sitting and staring on a red bench near a building .
The black dog is walking along a tree trunk bridge over water .
A boy with his hands above his head stands on a cement pillar above the cobblestones .
A crowd forms on a busy street to watch a street performer .
A bicyclist passes with a giant sign that reads " lovely . "
A man is standing at edge of a pond , with two dogs and is throwing a branch is water .
Four elderly people sitting under a white tent playing musical instruments .
A large group of people walking down a city street .
A blond woman displays a written poster for crowds to view .
Two young people in blue shirts share a megaphone at some kind of festival with a Greenpeace tent .
a black dog sprints near the blue fence .
A man wearing a white shire shirt and hate is riding a bucking horse in a rodeo .
A railroad work crew performs maintenance on railroad tracks .
Construction worker in orange vest and white hard hat with a shovel .
Two construction workers have a discussion while on the work site .
Two men walk up a ramp , as another man in a blue shirt walks along a road below them .
An Asian woman in a floral wedding dress poses on a bridge close to her bridesmaids .
Young man wearing a rolling stones black t-shirt playing a guitar .
Three boys are playing with sponges and buckets of water .
Three workers in safety vests and hard hats lay cement .
Several young people congregating by two canoes .
A group of young girls wearing blue tops and black skirts standing behind blue music stands .
A group of young teenagers are jumping at night making funny poses for the camera .
A blue boat and orange boat float among lilypads in an outdoor setting .
Two people , wearing white , are painting a wall .
somber faced woman wearing dark jeans and a red top sitting on the edge of a porch .
Two men participate in a recreation of a medieval sword fight while a crowd watches .
A man in army fatigues is reading something while laying on the floor .
A person holds a frying pan over an open fire as a child watches .
A man in a red shirt and a small boy standing on a rock by the water .
A woman is standing on the deck of a boat while holding a weight .
A blond child who is wearing red shoes looking through a telescope .
A young barefoot girl in a pink dress is jumping outside .
People sitting at tables at some sort of festival .
A youth with a black shirt that says " Asian Pacific 2007 " plays a drum while sitting .
A street performer reads an angry passage from his book to two attentive recipients .
Girl in bathing suit pointing and laughing at child in orange bathing bottoms while another girl looks on
A black and white dog jumps over a hurdle .
Dog with black collar rolling in dirt and dried leaves
Two dogs are biting each other in the woods .
A man wearing all white ( including a bandanna ) cooking something and making a huge flame .
A older man in a Revolutionary type costume is ringing a bell on a street .
A young red-haired man is fishing and caught some seaweed .
A brown dog is biting a white and tan dog on the snout .
Two men are standing on the street talking while another walks by .
a chinese man sitting down waiting for customers .
Small children are getting off a school bus .
Two blond women in " I love beer " shirts walk outside .
A young child wearing an orange life vest holding an oar paddling a blue kayak in a body of water .
A girl in green with glittery fairy wings holds a woman 's hand as they walk down a path in a park .
Three young adults talk in a crowd of people , the woman looks upset .
Two children are sitting on a stool on the front outside of a white door .
A black man and his two white friends are putting their heads close together .
Two people drive a Jeep while a lady sits on the top of it .
A dog climbing a steep dirt hill .
A green beetle is resting upon a freckled nose of a young boy .
A bald man demonstarting how high his brown and black dog can jump .
A crowded sidewalk in the inner city of an Asian country .
A race dog 's feet dig in the mud as he makes his way around a curve .
A man sits on a step with two duffel bags and a plastic bag by his sides .
A man and a woman are sitting on the base of fence having a conversation .
A male teen in a white hat looks at a coffee maker at the store .
a man drinking out of a yellow cup around people at a busy event
A young boy leans against a car adorned with floral arrangements while the driver looks on .
A woman in a floral dress talks to children in front of a van .
A man in a tux and a man in a shirt and tie talk outside .
A young woman with a black shirt and jeans sweeping .
A woman peeks out from behind a rock located on the shore of a large body of water .
A big black poodle running on the grass with a toy in its mouth .
A man does skateboard tricks in a parking lot at night .
A little boy dressed in red pants is standing in the street .
Open , scatteredly placed umbrellas , fill an exit to a room with black trim doors while a blurry individual looks directly into the camera .
Eight men play instruments on stage , with a guitarist highlighted in lights .
A man in an orange hard hat and orange jumpsuit is about to grab onto a large blue hose .
A man and two girls show off a fish while holding fishing poles in front of a body of water .
A dog goes through an obstacle course while his owner runs beside him .
A boy wearing red and white swimming trunks diving backwards in a beautiful pool .
A girl wearing a blue shirt fixing her hair while looking into a pink mirror .
An older woman and a young child in a pink shirt playing with multicolored blocks .
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle .
A brown-haired man in a green shirt plays a trumpet outdoors .
The man in the green t-shirt has his feet up whilst talking on a cellphone .
A group of children are sitting and standing in a building with a red floor .
A young child wearing a striped bathing suit sits on the sand .
Three dogs are playing with a yellow ball in a grassy field .
A red building with people sitting outside on the lawn in front .
One dog leaps to catch a softball while another looks on .
The young girl in a cartoon shirt is enjoying a ride on a swing .
Three people are having a conversation in a living room .
A balding man is cooking some meat on a stick .
Dog standing in grass playing with green flying disc
a band performs before their fans as they put their hands in the air .
A young boy is standing next to a sand sculpture of a pyramid .
Three toddlers are running towards the camera in a grassy yard .
A man with chin-length light hair works on a sculpture .
Someone in a yellow jacket mountain biking on a red bike .
A little girl is running wearing boots and holding a shovel .
A dark-haired woman wearing glasses , a red jacket and jeans sitting on a bench on the sidewalk .
A man on rollerblades grinds a wall .
A martial artist is practicing with a sword against a stick of bamboo .
A lady selling food outside of a building .
Soccer players are meandering over the playing field .
A child jumping off bleachers with a blue shirt .
A soccer player in a yellow jersey is standing alone on the field .
A group of people at a restaurant about to take shots .
A teenage boy grinds across a bar on his skateboard .
a young boy jumping from a bunk bed on a smaller bed .
Two towers made of flashy fabric with weird heads on top of them are facing each other on a roadway .
A young man who is running as part of a competition team .
Middle-aged Asian woman working in a plant giving the universal sign for peace .
A male runner with a number pinned to his shorts gives the thumbs-up .
In this picture all men from both basketball teams with red and green jerseys are jumping .
A man in an orange jersey with the letter " 12 " on it plays football .
Two downhill skateboarders round a curve while others watch .
A team in white and gold on the sidelines of a football field .
A small girl with short brown hair is pushing a pink scooter over grass with brown leaves with threes in the background
A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope .
A child plays in a box on the side of the street , as people look on and smile .
The brown dog is running across the sand .
A soldier talks with a colleague with his wife beside him .
A few oriental people with their clothing attire on in reds , greens , and golds standing on steps .
A man is jumping over a low wall holding a bicycle .
A couple sitting in white lawn chairs are smiling at the camera .
A group of adults and children are riding on a train ride .
A surfer tries to stay moving on his white surfboard .
A boy makes a jumping dive toward another boy with a soccer ball near .
Two young men on opposing soccer teams are competing to get the ball on a soccer field .
A man holding a black and white umbrella is walking uphill on a city street .
A shirtless boy jumps through a curtain onto a red cushion .
A child is spilling a set of Legos out of a bag onto a table .
Woman wearing brown sandals and blue jeans , in a white shirt , holding a baby under a tall tree .
Three people pose with their political signs out in public .
A cop stands in front of a car on a busy street .
Two men wearing hats stand together and smile .
Boy leaning backward to kick a soccer ball in midair .
A young boy or girl wearing a red jacket with fur and a blue hat is looking down .
A man with short dreads , and solemn expression , playing guitar .
A man in sunglasses is eating something while he has a girl on his lap .
An African American child is holding something up that those in the picture are proud of .
Someone in a white shirt yelling through a mega phone to a crowd of people .
Costumed onlookers watch as a uniformed policeman makes a speech and a man in a suit holds a bowl of fruit .
A group of young people dance at a club .
Two young girls walk together down a street in front of a gas station .
A man with dark hair and brown skin is in a dark room with his hands on some equipment .
A person surfing through a crashing wave in the ocean .
A uniformed soldier is kneeling on the ground looking at a metal object .
A couple of newlyweds kissing underneath the bride 's veil .
A person in a white t-shirt , military print cap and red bandanna with a skeleton on it covering most of the person 's face .
A black and white dog performs a jump with his owner looking on .
A lady sitting on the couch in front of a large set of windows reading .
Several teenagers are looking over a railing in a dark room .
A man wearing a white shirt and jeans attempts to climb a rock .
His gray clothes blended in with the stainless steel appliances of the cafeteria 's kitchen .
People are holding various types of drumsticks above different kinds of drums .
Three farmers harvest rice out in a rice field .
A woman holds a drink while a man and a woman examine a book .
There are three people in jeans and shirts standing outside with spray cans .
A man holding a chicken while he wears a mischievous grin on his face .
Many people in a street protesting the use of coal in power plants .
The man is performing a trick with a bicycle high in the air .
A little girl running at on the shore of a beach .
A white duck spreads its wings while in the water .
Two males seem to be conversing while standing in front of a truck 's back , and behind a metal item , while four people stand around them .
A young Asian mother is attempting to get her baby to rest .
A hockey player in a yellow jersey is guarding the goal .
An African American man is posing in front of an E.S.E. Electronics advertisement billboard after purchasing items from the local liquor store .
Three boys in green shirts and khaki pants are at the top of a slide .
An entertainer stand on one leg , holding up a dog as two goats stand on pedestals in the background .
A wet dog is splashing through shallow water .
Marching band dressed in yellow and green march on the field .
A group of children play together in a fenced yard as an adult watches .
A group of young and old practice together for an instrumental performance .
A little girl in a purple plaid dress is lying on the floor crying .
A man with a pensive look on his face shave off his beard .
Two black dogs , a black puppy , and a white dog in the snow .
A pro basketball player in a white Miami uniform makes a defensive move .
A woman is sitting outside her house with a blue door , enjoying the air .
Four kids sit on the back of a guy in a banana suit while he does push ups .
A dog is jumping over a stream of water on a sandy beach .
People are walking in the rain with umbrellas and raincoats around the fountain .
Six men outside are passing each other by while looking at each other .
A black , brown and white dog with his tongue out is in the snow
The soccer player wearing the gold jersey is blocking the ball from the opposing team player .
A red-haired woman wearing black holds purple sticks and yarn which are part of a sewing kit set .
Four females of Asian descent are wearing golden dresses while performing point ballet .
A man in a black windbreaker strumming on a large stringed instrument on the sidewalk in front of a building .
A woman wearing a black athletic uniform has the number 1102 on her and she is running .
A person playing sports in the snow is crouched down .
A older gentleman and a young girl begin to work on a puzzle together .
A white photographer films a seated black child while other children of mixed race watch .
A streetlight lit bridge with a cyclist and some cars .
A man in a rodeo is riding a bull while others watch .
A boy jumping to hit a tennis ball with his racket
Two children are climbing a rock wall while two others look on .
People walking about a university campus with palm trees in the background .
A girl in martial arts class is kicking a dummy .
Two men trying to hoist themselves up from the water on to a walkway made of tires .
Two men are performing on a sidewalk as a crowd watches
A woman in a tan suit and red shirt speaks into microphones at a podium .
A drunken woman laughs as she lays on a small cough .
A woman sitting , a woman sweeping , and a woman holding a shovel .
A deer is jumping over a fence .
Two black and one white dog interacting in the grass .
Two small children walk down a sandy beach .
A smiling young boy plays in the leaves among the ducks .
These four people are standing outdoors , with 3 dogs .
While visiting the Mayan ruins , a guide points in the direction of more attractions .
A woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall .
Africans wearing colorful clothing gather behind a fence .
Young man with cap and buttoned coat stands before building .
A seagull flies under another with food while three others follow .
Two men are riding on a wooden vehicle pulled by two donkeys : one black and one gray .
Mountain peaks in the foreground and distance .
An Asian girl in glasses is laying in a deep pit of snow .
Three men making happy gestures posing for a photograph
A man is writing on a chalkboard full of paragraphs with a pencil in his ear .
A man in a black shirt sits beneath a 'no child left behind ' powerpoint presentation .
Four people relaxing on a grassy hill overlooking a rocky valley .
A boy with a skateboard if jumping in the air along some railway tracks .
The tennis player holds his racket in preparation for the ball .
The dog with the red collar is bearing its teeth at the dog with the blue collar .
A little boy is running excitedly in a mountainous area .
A man in heavy clothing with a cart of tools bending to inspect the floor
A cowboy lassos an animal while other cowboys , and a horse , look on .
There are two dogs in the snow and one has something in his mouth .
The woman in the striped shirt is sipping a beverage while at work .
a dog running in a park with a rubber chicken in its mouth .
Two hockey players wearing yellow and black uniforms skate on the ice .
Man in a white shirt with a gold watch playing with a circuit board .
A black horse stands in the grass at a fence , while a brown dog looks on .
A crackhead is pretending to keep his hands warm but actually he is smoking crack .
Man with brown hair and a woman with blond-hair smile .
A young girl plays at a large sand box , while a woman sits and chats on a cellphone .
The little black and white dog is in the snow with a red ball .
A girl reaches up to kiss a cat , which is sitting on the counter .
A young boy wearing a blue shirt is playing at a park .
a tennis player in a green striped shirt is holding his hand up to his mouth .
The boy in the red shorts jumps into the water to join other people .
The boy in the red hat and jacket is carrying a huge lump of snow .
A man in a turban looks at two police officers who are near a tent and a pile of refuse .
Two people standing next to a tree on the ground .
Two men sit casually in folding chairs , gesturing , and speaking to one another .
A brunette child with glasses holding a blond child wearing a red sweater and yellow boots .
A dog plays catch with a white ball near a wooden fence .
Two people are kissing on a sidewalk in front of a limo while people walk by .
a skinny woman spikes a volleyball over the net .
There are two Boston terriers biting at each other .
a brown dog jumping over a blue and yellow stick .
A man in a blue and white striped shirt is smoking a cigarette .
A little girl holds a toddler while sitting on backyard trampoline .
A man trying to ride a very mad bull on a beautiful Saturday afternoon .
Several young boys are pulling a rope in a park .
A cyclist is leaning a mountain bike around a bend on a dirt track .
Two women in colorful clothes sit on the ground near their cow .
The young boy learns how to ride a bike with his dad .
A little boy in a red shirt is sweeping the floor on a porch .
An african family are standing in front of some makeshift houses .
This man plays music while someone 's belongings hang from a nearby tree .
Two women are holding hands over a table and smiling at the camera .
A brown dog is running through the grass panting .
A baseball player in a black shirt just tagged a player in a white shirt .
A woman is holding an over sized check for $ 37,000 for the Kids Food Basket .
one white dog is running with a tennis ball in his mouth while another dog jogs along
A man , woman , and two young boys are sitting on a bench with flowers in the background .
A woman in a grassy field blows on a dandelion .
Three men in hats and a woman in a red shirt examine the produce presented to them by the man in the blue shirt and white hat .
A group of people on a street gather together to listen to an accordion .
Man in white shirts and khaki pants rests head in hand .
It seems like no matter when I read this , the news is always the same .
A man in a blue shirt and apron prepares food .
A man performing a trick on a bicycle by standing on the pedals while the bike is upright .
A man with a mustache who is wearing white and beige carefully sculpts a sand castle .
A group of people sitting at a picnic table eating .
A woman in a purple shirt and a woman wearing a hard hat are attached by harnesses to a pole .
A blond cowboy is riding a bucking bronco at the rodeo .
A show dog jumps through a flaming obstacle .
An overweight woman with long black hair in a pink shirt with a name tag is applying lipstick .
A man assembles a bicycle for a little girl .
Two women dancing on a walkway with band in the background and pedestrians walking by
The yellow dog is carrying a stick by water .
The woman stands outdoors in front of the sun .
A musical concert with a large number of people .
Three women in costume are holding papers that say " I love you " .
A brown dog with a brown collar digs sand .
There is a little boy ready to hit the tennis ball , holding a racquet .
Two dogs running away from the camera in the woods .
A girl is playing in the fountain fully clothed .
Young sumo wrestlers stand before a man reading from an official-looking document .
Two male hikers inspect a log by the side of a forest path .
Three men wearing the same black and yellow uniform are blocking another man in a red uniform .
Two boys cross a city street while kicking a red soccer ball .
A black man leans over as a white man jumps on his back backwards .
A white dog is on a large rocky surface at a high elevation .
a boy in a blue t-shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park .
A man is playing an instrument beside a microphone .
The men who won first , second , and third place of a bicycle race .
Two bald ladies are wearing red dresses .
A boy in a blue shirt hanging on a rack of clothes .
Little girl dressed in pink playing on a playground .
a motorcyclist wearing a green shirt on a green bike jumping over a row of other green bikes .
a woman playing with two young boys at a park
Some people are kicking a white ball on a beach .
A blond girl in white has her arms around a girl in a helmet .
two dogs jump in a snowy field with snowcapped rocks in the background
A woman is standing in a green field holding a white dog and pointing at a brown dog .
A man in a straw hat and white shirt at an outdoor art gallery
A man and a woman sitting on each side of a small metal table .
The guy in the black and yellow vest has a black hat on .
A baby is laughing and laying on the floor .
A smiling woman wearing a black sweater leans on a man wearing a jacket and a tie .
Two women mud-wrestle in a blue wading-pool
A young man holding a cup , standing in front of an archway to an old stone building .
A boy and a girl are standing on the edge of a lake at sunset .
A girl stands up with a glass of beer to make a toast at a couple 's wedding .
Two girls ( one dressed in blue , and one dressed in pink ) are racing one another on rollerskates .
Two adults and two children sitting on rocks for a picture
Four motorcycles are racing on a dirt track .
Bicyclist in racing gear rides through forest area .
A man in a green t-shirt walks down a beach , carrying his tennis shoes .
Three men are examining a red and white race car .
Two men work under the hood of a white race car .
Children jumping in a pool surrounded by pool chairs and huts .
The man does a trick on his skateboard on a concrete ramp .
A girl with a striped shirt is sitting on a bicycle .
A woman in black leggings and beige cowboy boots .
Man in shorts standing by the water .
Four men are sitting on the stoop of a stone church .
A yellow construction vehicle is posed near two buildings , its arm engaged with a pile of rubble .
A gymnast wearing red and white is mid-twirl on an uneven bar .
An older lady in a green sweater picks out vegetables .
Two men are crafting items in a workshop with tools .
A woman in a child 's classroom is helping a child build a sculpture , while other children play by themselves .
A blond child sleeps with her book open and resting on her chest .
Two women are eating seated on the grass with hiking gear .
A man walks down a cobblestone street next to buildings painted tan with red eaves .
Women grinding grain on stone with guinea pig in background .
A solitary woman uses a large primitive mortar and pestle to crush plant material as she stands in a stubble field .
A martial artist wearing white uniform with a blue belt in a defensive pose .
A man in a blue-collared shirt is seen watching a man at his cart in the evening .
An older gentleman , in a red plaid shirt and hunting cap , eats a piece of food from his bag .
A woman stands behind the counter in the open kitchen of a restaurant .
A technician in an orange vest and a hard hat removes cables from a work truck .
Two children are in a grassy area near two horses .
Looking in through a decorated window on a man riding an elevator .
A woman wearing a bright pink overcoat makes a face to a woman wearing a purple overcoat while standing outside a Vitamin Shoppe .
Two young adults at a rodeo , one is helping the other to fix an injury to his arm after a brief ride .
A man in a yellow shirt and a man in a dark blue shirt talking .
Three Asian children sitting on a couch with tapestries hanging in the background .
Young female tennis player in a red shirt hitting the ball .
A man is standing with his hands out to his side inside of a green sculpture .
A man clinks bottles with another person while smiling in a restaurant .
A man in an orange shirt is loading or unloading a large amount of pretzels from a delivery truck .
A gray-haired man singing in a crowd and playing an acoustic guitar .
The crowd along the city street is watch performers with long wood poles .
Person standing on rocky edge of water with hilly land in background .
An african American police officer and woman stand at the front of a bus .
Two middle-aged police officers watch over a parking lot , at night .
A man and lady are watching and cheering at a soccer game .
Men dressed up in blue uniforms standing in formation .
There 's a young lady in the beach doing yoga .
A large crowd of people are standing around in a park and a few are playing instruments .
A man that is wearing a balloon hat while making another .
A few guys outside grilling some food at night .
A few men stand in the background of fruit market illuminated by red light .
Brunette woman in a white bikini pouring a drink into a man 's cup .
A young boy with sunglasses is poised to run while a fair looms behind him .
A gloved hand holds what appears to be an oversize nail against a log .
A bearded man in a plaid shirt is sitting at a table wearing large black gloves .
Two men in white plastic chairs sitting in a doorway .
A woman is dressed as a pirate in a red velvet dress and black hat .
Number 3 at a soccer game is looking to see where to put the ball back into play from the sideline .
A man dressed in snow-gear takes a leap into a snow-covered ravine .
People look on as participants in a marathon pass by .
Three people at with their backs to the camera at an internet bar .
A disc jockey busy at work as lights shine upon him .
A man wearing a harley-davidson hat working in a cornfield .
Several groups of seniors eat food at different tables .
Many people in the crowd look at the stage , some with balloons .
A woman sits in a caged in area with a cat and two bunnies .
The woman wearing a blue shirt sits in front of a brick wall .
Three people on comfortable seating in a waiting room .
A woman in a flowered skirt walks along the dirt streets in her village .
Six children , sitting on a step with notepads and crayons .
The dog runs through the water with a stick in its mouth .
Two dogs playfully bite a third dog , which has its tongue sticking out .
A young boy wearing a red jumpsuit smiles while riding a motorbike .
A family is sitting at a table ready to eat dinner .
A city street filled with people , a person dressed as Santa Clause , and a guy with a bullhorn .
Military Families are marching through New York on a rainy day .
A person in red rides a motorcycle while carrying several items , including a plant .
Several men are wearing martial arts uniforms while they perform some moves in unison .
A man in a black costume wielding a wooden stick attacks a woman in yellow garb outdoors , under green trees , for a crowd .
A man in a uniform walking on a street with two cars and a tree .
The woman in glasses is climbing a steep rock wall .
An elderly man in a light blue coat works on a car on the roadside .
People looking over several colored pieces of paper spread on a table .
man wearing a harmonica playing the guitar and singing
Two men are sitting at a table in a restaurant , one smoking and one reading a newspaper .
Two girls in shorts and sweaters are running on the beach .
Three construction workers are standing outside and having a conversation .
A view of a pedestrian thoroughfare , featuring a man in a black apron and a white baseball cap standing in the middle of the image .
Three children are at the playground on some slanted bars .
A little girl in a blue outfit is climbing on metal railings in the street .
There are people sitting around a market area with green fruit in the front drop .
A guy with a yellow outfit on standing behind a microphone under a tent .
A brown dog possessively grabs a purple Frisbee in a field .
It looks like a man practicing his martial arts moves near some muddy looking water .
People enjoying a festival while having drinks and taking pictures on the cellphone .
A child in a red coat waves a hand in the air while lying in snow beside a red plastic sled .
A young woman sits crosslegged beside her purse on the grass among a crowd of dogs .
Three men are standing on a stage , one is wearing clown makeup and holding a guitar .
An African woman is standing near a well filling a jug near a hut with a thatched roof .
The woman in the red dress is dancing with the man in a suit .
The black dog runs with a ball with two smaller dogs behind it .
A bearded man wearing a denim jacket and a hat sits on a park bench
An African group of men , women , and babies pose in a field with large hills in the background .
Young girl plays with small livestock on farm .
A group of people are sitting in a restaurant with orange chairs .
A baby girl eats a cookie while seated in a highchair and wearing a bib .
A guy maintains his yard by mowing with a traditional , non-powered lawn mower .
Woman sitting on chair reading book with many people standing around her .
child sitting on a ladies shoulders and clapping her hands .
A group of people are walking up a street in the winter toward a man who is seated and holding a cup .
A cat is sitting atop a sign on the side of a building .
A man wearing headsets and sunglasses is walking down the street .
A young man in a striped shirt plays rugby .
Couple walks down a corkscrew walkway above the street .
A woman with pink hair bent down on the sidewalk holding to pink dogs .
A distressed looking man walks down a city street holding a coffee , and there is a bus in the background .
Man jumping with a rock formation in background .
A person in a red jacket with black pants holding rainbow ribbons .
An elderly person in a wheelchair next to a girl sitting on a bench .
A man in a white apron is cooking something with eggs on a pan outside for a woman in a tan jacket .
A woman with a bag , talking on her cellphone , standing on the corner of the street , waiting to cross .
A group of people are walking down a road .
Vehicles on a street next to structures that appear to be East Indian in design .
A group of people in black standing on a dock nearby a long structure .
A man in sunglasses walking down a street carrying three cases of beer .
Man sitting outside on sidewalk playing music while taking donations .
A woman standing around amid other people who are all wearing green .
A little girl wearing pink is running along a beach towards the water .
A young man in a black t-shirt and jeans rides a skateboard on the side of the street .
A man wearing a turquoise jacket is taking a picture of a church .
A group of people stands on the field of a soccer stadium .
In this photo there is a family of four dashing across a busy street in the city .
A blond woman in a cowboy hat is carrying a multicolored messenger bag .
A street near a stoplight with several people including a man wearing a brown coat and sunglasses with his hand to his face .
A group of buildings surrounding a street with people walking down it .
This player with the blue helmet was at bat and just finished swinging at the ball during a team baseball game .
A woman in her early fifties walks by herself in the subway , another woman is not far behind .
Some people sit on benches under rows of trees in front of a building .
A middle-aged man in a business suit is seated at a bus stop shelter , with Hispanic writing showing on the shelter 's sign .
An African American man surrounded by empty overturned white buckets and dark colored crates expresses himself through a message handwritten on cardboard .
A brown-haired lady carries a reusable bag and holds a coffee in one hand and a cookie in the other .
Man standing on the sidewalk next to the street holding a guitar .
A woman wearing a yellow sweater and red vest working at a computer .
Asian people in a temple praying over a smokey urn .
A clean-shaven man getting dressed in a purple shirt and tie in front of the mirror .
Music being played by several individuals while a happy crowd sits and listens .
Two young men riding on a very small horse-drawn wagon full of potatoes .
A woman with high heels and a purse is walking on the sidewalk .
A man in a striped t-shirt and khakis stands at the counter of a convenience store while the female attendant faces him .
A man wearing jeans and sunglasses operating a front-loader that is filled with dirt .
The infant has plenty of toys , but attention is drawn to the nearby cat .
Woman wearing maroon sweater carrying guitar in the woods
A dark-haired man wearing a backpack is walking down the street .
A man listens to his cellphone while watching another man in sunglasses .
A woman with blond-hair wearing a black shirt is standing , looking down in a home kitchen .
A group of people sit outdoors around a small , short table .
A young man with a blue checkered shirt is doing bike tricks on a half pipe .
A woman wearing a black tank top and a cross necklace stares off into the distance near sunset .
Three little girls wearing brown and pick sweaters are walking on the street .
Woman wearing makeup and nail polish in a graduation gown .
A young man sits on the curb while another rides a skateboard with green wheels down the street .
A man is standing next to a billboard advertising 9-11 conspiracy theories .
A man in a brown shirt and a woman in a white tank top singing into their microphones .
A young girl with curly blond-hair and wearing a white top lies in the grass , holding a flower stem .
A young girls soccer team with green jerseys and black shorts doing warm up stretches with two adults .
A woman acts out a dramatic scene in public behind yellow caution tape .
A man crouches while doing chores , as pigeons wander in the background .
people standing in a stadium looking at large black balls .
Travelers with lots of luggage standing in the middle of a large , empty city area .
A man with a cigarette in his mouth fixing a plate of food .
Two groups of shirtless men are in the water in the distance .
People sit on a bench in a city square with random objects including a lamp and a dressmakers form standing nearby .
Three men with hard hats in front of a large hole in the ground .
A shirtless man in black shorts is standing on the rocky shore to a large body of water .
An officer in a black uniform and hat stands to the left of a large structure with other officers in the background .
A man in a gray overshirt and brown pants plays pool with a woman in a black and white striped shirt whose head cannot be seen .
People are standing in front of a sculpture surrounded by water .
A woman looks on as a man with folded arms is talking .
There are a crowd of people standing on the side of the road with two cars beside them .
Two men dressed in dark orange coverings and sandals stand near a large reflective sculpture .
A woman leans over the bow of a boat while a man walks by .
A man and a woman are standing on the street in the city .
Three firefighters enraged after a prank call .
Four men , three of whom are wearing prayer caps , are sitting on a blue and olive green patterned mat .
A crowd of people sitting at picnic tables in front of a brick , historic-looking building .
A man wearing a red t-shirt and jeans is walking outside a shop with green and white checkered walls .
Two doctors are working on a surgical procedure .
a man smoking a cigarette and wearing a yankees hat trying to operate a camera .
A group of musicians plays outdoors with an open guitar case in front of them .
A man with a red suit is dancing with a lady .
Two people survey the night sky , illuminated by the moon and the glow of the city they are in , with an ornate bust occupying the space to their right .
During a race , the blue biker cleared a jump safely , while another biker appears to not be doing as well as the biker jumping .
Groups of people are having conversations with each other on a crowded street .
Two young girls run on a sidewalk outside of a brick building with banners on it .
Two people climb a sheer cliff face on a clear day .
Harnessed Asian child lying on ground in front of stroller .
A man and a woman are sitting at a table , accompanied by a dog , at the edge of a street .
A lot of people at the market looking at various different things .
Two young men playing electric guitars in a grunge-type setting .
A tattooed man pours a beer into the mouth of a thin blond man .
Two people stand next to an inflatable obstacle course with hand holds .
People riding bikes in a town while traffic goes by over the water .
Older women in pink shit and gray hat looking at something .
A woman in a red shirt is raising her arm to the crowd below .
A smiling lanky boy is only wearing white shorts while jumping into a natural pond .
A little girl is looking through a telescope at the beach .
Several construction workers with orange safety vests are digging into the ground .
A person in a hood is standing in front of a run down building .
Protesters holding picket signs up , man in center with a blue I<3NY shirt .
Four horses with cowboy riders running near a fifth horse that has no rider .
A young black man walks down a street with a stray dog on it .
Two nuns stand talking to a person .
A girl with headphones on sitting and writing in a notebook .
A woman in a tank top , walks through a market on her cellphone .
A child carries his younger sibling in a cloth sling on his back .
A Japanese shop with people sitting inside it .
An Asian man is standing outside of a restaurant wearing a purple shirt and purple bandanna .
An oriental person in a red shirt and black pants crouching over a purse on concrete .
The black dog is by a soccer ball and the brown dog is running .
a man with a black vest holding a model airplane
A man in dark clothing watches a model airplane fly above an empty field .
A man in a suit and tie and a woman with luggage join others in waiting in the London Underground .
A young boy living in the suburbs walks up the sidewalk holding an american flag .
Black dog is carrying something in its mouth and running in the grass .
A man wearing a black short-sleeve shirt is waiting in line with his luggage .
A dog turns on the grass to persue a flying ball .
A large group of kids sitting on the floor listening to a lady in a blue dress .
Construction workers standing behind arrow road signs .
A boy in a lavender shirt sits on his bike on a large gray dock .
A man in an orange shirt and a blond boy are riding with other people on a " Pullman " vehicle .
a guy and girl are sitting in a sculpture playing with a throwing ring .
Four men are preparing to launch a boat with colorful flags .
A man on a city street takes a picture while a taxi and bus drive by .
A middle-aged man standing in the middle of a crowd looking the other way .
A little girl is riding on a man 's shoulders as they walk behind a scarf-clad woman with a big purse .
A group of people on the street setting up instruments .
A young man pushes his motocross bike up a dirt hill .
Three people are walking up a mountain trail , while one woman is looking at her camera .
Several Asian men wearing black clothing in some kind of station .
A woman in a red skirt is walking on the street with graffiti in the background .
A young woman wearing pink and blue is performing gymnastic feats while twirling a ribbon .
People cooling off in a fountain , a woman in a white dress sits on the edge looking on .
a man sitting on a chair with a house in the background .
Three men in red and white striped shirts , white pants , and black hats hold flags .
Several people are standing and staring up at a work of art .
Busy Asian mall with paper lanterns and shoppers .
A group of three people climb a path of wooden stairs up a rocky hill .
A young boy wearing blue is standing next to a large red ball in a field .
A store with pokemon items and pokemon balls in front of the registers .
A man with a hat is playing the drum in the street .
An Asian man makes faces for the camera .
A smiling man wearing a backpack holds his fists up in front of a boy in glasses .
Four men are outside looking down over the green bridge they are on .
A woman in a two piece swimsuit is on the beach looking at her foot .
An adult Australian Shepherd follows behind a running Australian Shepherd puppy .
Fall shoppers and bistro food lovers caught in the ebb and flow of the city .
A man is holding a strange sign while a little boy and his parent are walking by .
Police on motorcycle , in turning land , waiting at stoplight
Some Asian men are sitting while others are standing around .
High class group of business people including older men have drinks in park .
Two women walking down the street outside of a restaurant , one with a stroller and a baby , the other with a dog .
Young man in a headband with other young people in background .
A couple sits on a motorcycle , in front of a group of other motorcyclists .
A group of army personnel in uniform , wearing their hats upside down .
Three girls smiling , one of those showing two fingers as if she 's doing the peace sign .
The lady wearing black rimmed glasses and a yellow sweater jacket looks confused as she sits on the tan covered bench .
A man with blond-hair , and a brown shirt drinking out of a public water fountain .
Three people walk down the street with a camera in hand .
a man in a black polo shirt holds an infant in a white blanket .
A young boy in a red hat rides on a horse .
A kid with white shirt and gray shorts and croc shoes is playing with a yo-yo
A little girl wearing a black swimming suit holding a shovel at a beach .
A man rests his eyes , sitting on a red couch with his hands folded .
Two boys are looking up at the sky and waving theirs arms and they are dressed in clothes to keep them warm .
A man wearing dark sunglasses and a hat sits next to a woman with a black hat .
A youth wearing a shirt and tie crouching down and giving the peace sign .
Three people sitting outside under canopy that says Bar Gelati Tabacchi .
a man hangs upside down in a busy park as three people are clearly seen looking at him .
A man walking in front of a colorful mural on a brick road .
A young man walking with another young man glances back at three girls they just passed
A man wearing a blue shirt trying to get something with a pole from the roof of the room .
Five people walking up a set of stairs led by a woman in a pink shirt and brown skirt .
The woman in the red pant suit and white hat is selling her produce .
Two boys eat their McDonalds lunch in an outdoor seating area surrounded by many other people .
A teenage girl with a shaved head walks in a brown skirt and blue jean jacket .
A man driving a four wheeled vehicle with four passengers riding on the front and a man sitting sideways on the back .
A newspaper salesman in a blue shirt reads a paper at his stall .
A blond little boy is wearing a green shirt and holding a book upside down .
Children sitting on a bench eating something out of a small cup .
People are riding bicycles in the street , and they are all wearing helmets .
A man in a blue t-shirt is speaking into a blow horn towards a large group of people with bicycles .
A man seated on a platform with wheels is being pulled by a burrow .
A man is riding a bike inside of a structure .
A young man with darker skin and a shaved head is sitting down smoking a cigarette .
Two young men in long jackets stand under an umbrella in front of a brick wall with graffiti .
An old skinny man wearing the dirty white shirt riding on a bicycle on the street
A cowboy at a rodeo is roping a cow while riding a horse .
The cowboy skillfully swings his lasso while riding his brown steed .
Two bicyclists with helmets on are riding past some empty country fields .
A man is leaning over and pulling something out of a bag .
A man using a scooter wearing a black leather jacket looking away from the camera .
A person with tattoos is looking at a photo on a digital camera , or cellphone .
A man in a black t-shirt and jeans in standing on the sidewalk looking at the camera as people walk by .
A boy and girl standing together on the pavement as they look at an object .
Eight people in blue shits and one woman on her cellphone that is wearing a black shirt and a skirt .
A woman and a dog sit on a bench in front of a beach .
Two people walking on dirt in front of a very large building .
Men in hard hats and industrial equipment march with children and others in a parade .
A woman dressed in black boots , black jacket , and a black hat wonders who is taking this picture of her .
Group of men sitting around a table having a conversation .
Graffiti on a wall depicts children drawing the words " Brick City " on the wall .
An Asian man wearing gloves is working at a food stall .
As I slave over this assignment , I cautiously click on the answer !
A person is looking at the computer on a desk with a phone and a box .
An old man sits outside with his guitar , watching an younger generation pass by .
A man and a woman work in a field , both wearing large hats .
A female athlete is high jumping at the 2010 Barcelona .
A large man in a white shirt rides a brown horse that is bucking and has its two front feet off the ground .
Two young girls eating corn on the cob on a sidewalk without shoes .
One young football player in a white jersey being tackled by another player in a blue jersey from the opposing team whose teammate is coming to assist him .
A small smiling child huddled into the chest of an older man wearing orange , who is also smiling .
A man with glasses looks at camera while another man in a blue shirt looks intently at something .
A boy and a woman in a white shawl working with plant products underneath a tree .
A young boy wearing a blue hat is looking through a telescope while another boy watches .
A white man is cooking in a home kitchen while another white man and a black man watch .
A little child is in full ski gear while standing on the snow .
Two African women wearing purple and lime green skirts are dancing in within a circle of clapping women in similar ensembles .
A man and a woman are sorting through laundry with latex gloves on .
A little girl wearing pink clothes is sitting in a rocking chair while looking back .
Two people working on welding metal together outside on a sidewalk .
A skateboarding young man 's soaring over rails , while city setting behind him looks so still .
In a outdoor market two men shovel snow and slush out of the path .
A man playing a guitar in the fog around other musical instruments on stage .
A young girl shows her friends how to use a disposable camera .
The boy wearing swimming trunks is jumping off a pier into a lake .
Lady with a green mask at the dentist and she just look very unhappy .
A man with an orange jacket and blue hat climbing a snowy mountain .
A little girl finds joy in playing in a big , sloppy area of mud !
A spray painted hand showing the peace side at the entrance of a small road with a young man in a red shirt riding his bike through it .
woman performing at a gymnastics competition .
A man in a t-shirt crosses the street while a woman behind him begins to step off the curb .
Man clothed in a traditional dress like attire , while standing next to his mule who also seems to be clothed as well .
Two children attempt to use a bicycle to large for them .
Two men on opposing teams are playing soccer in a field .
A man poses in an awkward position for a photographer laying on the ground .
The girl is taking a drink from a water fountain .
A man wearing a white helmet is in the water .
A scientist intently looks through a microscope in a laboratory .
A young girl naps on a giant pillow on the couch , cuddled up with her favorite blanket .
A man sweeps a sidewalk outside of a brick building during the day .
A group of workers are preparing batter for food in a restaurant of some kind .
A man on a scaffold in front of a house is smiling and posing for the photographer .
Two children standing at the edge of a pool are holding hands while facing other swimmers .
One young girl in a dress , and three young children leaning against a wall .
A group of young children , most of them on bikes , are on a dirt road with trees on one side .
A young boy , wearing a chef 's hat and apron , is cutting sausages in a kitchen .
A garishly dressed man is standing in front of a group of children that are sitting down .
The smiling ship captain is holding the wheel of his wooden ship .
A man in a black shirt uses a yellow bulldozer .
A woman in a red shirt is riding an all white horse that is galloping along the trees .
A woman in a dark tank top and cuffed jeans is smiling while sitting on top of a large rock or boulder outdoors .
Three men wearing brightly colored costumes take to the streets with wigs and crazy sunglasses .
A child is jumping into an inflatable swimming pool .
Two children , a boy in a yellow shirt and a girl in blue and white stripes , swinging .
A fisherman throws his net off of a pier in the early morning or late evening .
A man wearing a gray shirt , blue jeans and a neon green safety vest is standing on a railroad track with a white truck and a white building in the background .
Two construction workers are laying sheet metal across beams .
the band is getting ready for tonight 's show with a pre-show run through .
A guy performing a song shirtless with a tattoo of a safety pen on his body with a second tattoo on his body .
I see a man putting his items from the shopping cart , ready to be checked out .
A man wearing a black hat , white shirt , and black slacks is walking down a road with a cane .
A woman wearing a white shirt works out on an elliptical machine .
A bald man in a black shirt with a girl sitting on his shoulders walking in the street .
Two women , one in black and one in white , are standing on one foot in front of a window that states , " Babys " in green and yellow balls .
A small group of women in traditional dark blue and white kimonos and sandals dancing in front of a tall brown brick church .
A bald man walking down a city sidewalk while talking on his cellphone .
A woman in orange performs with puppets while a little boy in a monkey costume walks by .
There are two street musicians playing percussion , while a crowd of people look on .
A young girl rollerblades , while protected by many pads and pillows .
The people driving the tiny white car were nearly hit by the train , but it had fortunately stopped just in time .
Two guys performing rock concert , one has short blond-hair who is singing , and the second has long blond-hair and is jamming out on his guitar .
A young girl in a white t-shirt and a blue skirt wearing a light colored hat stands in a river next to a big rock .
Two men , one with orange glasses , are playing guitars on stage in front of a crowd of onlookers .
A number of people are dancing with their significant others in front of this huge house .
A woman is sitting on the steps looking at a collection of trinkets .
A woman and two men , that are dressed professionally , are having a discussion .
Eight men on motorcycles dressed in red and black are all lined up on the side of the street .
A guy dressed in a white uniform with a number 3 on it playing soccer .
A food vendor holds up a bag of snacks and a bottle as he stands in the crowd at a sports venue .
Two teams , one clad in green and white and the other in black and white , face off on a grass field .
During a soccer match , a member of the red team is pursued by 3 members of the blue team .
A person in blue is the only person currently throwing their ball at a bowling alley .
Two young men playing soccer on a sunny day are jumping for the soccer ball .
Young man sitting on a skateboard , holding a cellphone , and posing on the escalator .
A young woman is running a marathon in a light blue tank top and spandex shorts .
This band is getting ready to perform in front of an audience at church .
An offensive player running with a football while a football player tries to stop him during a football game .
Two male curling players are on ice sweeping the path in front of polished rock , a small crowd watches .
Man wearing teal jersey defending the soccer ball in the midst of soccer game on a rainy day .
A basketball game showing Lafayette player number 32 and Penn State player number 23 .
A busy street filled with random people underneath a bridge .
Two cars , one red and one blue , race each other in a very tight and competitive nature as fans stand by and watch .
A football quarterback dropping back and planting his feet to throw a pass .
A very young boy stares ahead as he is biting onto a small object .
A mom and her child walking down the street hand in hand in town .
A hockey game is being played with lots of people watching it .
Three kids are bouncing on large rubber balls in a grass field as other people watch .
Young man running towards a tennis court while another is waiting in the other side of the net .
An older man is hugging a younger woman in a dark room with people in the background .
A man talking to a family unit holding some sort of probing device as they look on and smile to be polite .
A child resting on a bed at a furniture store waiting for his mom to get done shopping .
An extreme cyclist stops to rest as the sun sets in the background .
A young woman is smiling towards the camera as she attempts to pull herself up a hill while skiing .
Several ladies gathered around a table engaged in an electronics project
A man in a black and white striped shirted tries to wrangle a horse at the rodeo while another man does the same just behind him .
The gentleman is scanning the image that the woman in the blue shirt is providing him .
A lady with red-hair is submerged from the neck down in what looks like cold water .
Two little boys smiling and holding a tiny , black puppy .
Young children are performing karate moves while their teachers look on .
A man lounging on a couch surrounded by more furniture .
Several people are sitting at tables within a large classroom having a discussion .
A jockey with a red helmet is riding a white horse , and a jockey with an orange helmet is riding a brown horse .
Race car flies by , in the lead of the pack , closely followed by second and third places !
Two men are trying to rope in a bull who is crashing down on one of them , in a contest at a corral .
A man in swimming trunks walking toward bright yellow and orange kayaks .
a boy firing a gun inside a shooting range
Two teams of boys playing football in the sand .
A child in blue and a child in white stand on a short concrete wall by a stream .
A young adult woman in a white shirt is working on a clay vase with white flowers on it .
People are walking down a busy street in a foreign country .
A baseball pitcher prepares to pitch the ball to the batter .
Two men , one in black and white and one in red , are playing beach volleyball .
A fisherman untangles his fishing nets in his blue boat as it sits on the water .
A surfer who fell off his surfboard in the ocean while trying to ride a wave .
A person wearing blue rubber gloves is loading a syringe with vegetables .
Two football players compete for the ball while another teammate looks on .
One soccer player in an orange uniform getting hit in the face by a ball kicked by a player in blue .
An elderly person is crossing a street with an umbrella in their hands .
Multiple people in running outfits are running with a cityscape in the background .
A skateboarder rides up a concrete wall , nearly falling off as he tries a trick .
This captures two athletes playing a game of water Vally-ball .
A man kissing another man on the cheek .
Man with glasses and a red and black striped shirt , writing something down .
A young man in a blue shirt grinds a rail on a skateboard in an urban area .
man sitting on a railroad track selling something with a scale in the picture .
There is a man in a red uniform , with many medals , standing next to a crowd of people , some of which are holding British flags .
Two race cars are going down a racetrack bend .
A man in a black and white jersey is holding yellow ski poles and preparing to take off .
A girl and a boy in a park kissing in the grass on a sunny day
An infant wearing a hat , holding an apple in his right hand .
Two defensive players jumping in the air to block a quarterback 's pass .
A man wearing striped pants and a black and white checked hat plays an electric guitar while a man holding a microphone and another man holding a guitar stand in the background .
A man is leaping through the air escaping the arena containing a bull .
A woman in a blue shirt and white shorts playing tennis .
Two older men with white shirts and black pants playing the cello .
A man is carrying a large load of metal beams on his shoulder through a lumberyard .
The woman wearing the pink jacket has thrown a Frisbee for the dog to catch .
Two figures , a male and a female , are blacked out and standing in front of a building on fire .
Two girls both dressed in different shades of pink play in the water of a fountain .
A child with shoulder-length brown hair is playing in water outdoors .
A judo player in white attempts to submit a judo player in blue while on a yellow and red mat .
A woman in a red bikini jumping to hit a ball while playing volleyball at a beach .
An orange striped kitten is biting a girl on the nose .
A woman , wearing a yellow apron , is taking the lid off of a large pot .
Two children in warm jackets stand on a stone bridge over a small stream .
Two African american females ride on a moped down a city street that appears to be in a well congested area of a large city area .
Several adults are filling their cups and a drink machine .
Bicycle rider wearing black , riding down a dirt trail in a mountain bike .
A lady with tattoos is taking a picture of a painting with her smartphone .
A woman in a mostly black outfit and white helmet riding a bike with blurred trees in the background .
a line of cyclists in identical clothing pedal on a curve in a race as spectators watch .
Three members of an opposing football team are tackling an opponent to the ground during a rainy football game .
Two football players wearing blue jerseys tackle the opposing team 's football player .
The basketball player in the white uniform with the number 55 on it is guarding the player in the black uniform with the number 10 on it .
Man on cellphone walking in front of silver car next to green grass .
Two people are playing baseball while another team watches off from the sideline .
A dirt biker with a helmet and black , white , and red shirt on rounding a curb
3 basketball players vying for the ball and one in red jersey trying to take ball from guy in white jersey .
This is a young boy looking to be jumping on the trampoline in a very beautiful neighborhood .
Two boys in black pants are in contact with each with a slide in the background .
A man is riding a scooter in front of a store .
A small boy wearing baseball regalia holds a bat behind his head with a baseball mounted in front of him .
A group of workers sitting in a field take a break from work .
A brown dog picks up a twig from a stone surface .
A man in a yellow shirt and wearing the number 12 is pulling on a rope that is tied to the front of a horse .
Gentleman business owner loves green aprons and roast duck .
A lady attired in an apron stands over a kettle , preparing food , while patrons sit , chat , and dine in the background .
Two women runners in athletic shorts and bras going down a city street .
An asian woman wearing a traditional hat is riding the bicycle .
Some children are outside playing in the dirt where two trees are .
And older man is playing a slot machine at a casino type environment .
The baby walks on the gold and sandy-colored beach with water splashing behind him .
