A man in an orange hat starring at something .
A dog runs on the green grass near a wooden fence .
A girl in karate uniform breaking a stick with a front kick .
A group of snowmobile riders gather in the snow .
People are fixing the roof of a house .
A man photographs a woman in a pink dress and a throng of men in suits .
A group of people standing in front of an igloo .
A baseball player attempting to score a run before the catcher tags the player out .
Man works on top of scaffolding .
A man in a vest is sitting in a chair and holding magazines .
a young woman is giving a baby a ride on her shoulders .
Volleyball players compete on a sunny day at the beach .
A woman holding a bowl of food in a kitchen .
Indian man whittles in his own home .
People stand inside a rock dome .
A little girl balances on a gymnastics beam .
A couple with sunglasses are laying on the beach .
Young people are standing in the store .
A woman in a striped shirt climbs up a mountain .
Two young women stop and watch street performers .
Family members standing outside a home .
A girl playing trumpet in a marching band .
A woman does a somersault on a trampoline on the beach .
A man is standing by a group of video games in a bar .
A woman , in a teal tank top , holding a power drill .
A woman in a pink sweater cleaning a dining table .
Man on crane cutting tree branches .
Four young teens having fun at a cookout .
A tribal performance of dance and song of three individuals .
A man stands in striking position while holding his opponent 's head .
Six People riding bikes on a trail in the forest .
A large number of people walk or rest near a fountain .
A child is splashing in the water
A couple of people sit outdoors at a table with an umbrella and talk .
A man is sitting on a wooden guard rail at a beach .
The woman is at marketplace buying fish from an Arabic person .
A smiling woman playing the harp .
An officer squints directly at the camera as he leans on a metal bar .
A young woman is ready to eat the pizza .
A solitary fisherman stands along a riverbank .
A girl wearing a life vest floats in water .
A man in dressy clothes instructed a captain near a large truck .
People sit inside a train .
A kid swings with his feet up in the air in a forest .
A man in a red shirt entering an establishment .
Two men wearing swimming trunks jump in the air while on the beach .
Toddler is helping to stir ingredients .
Two small children with older man plating a tree .
A man preparing food in his kitchen .
Man on the beach is throwing a red ball .
People walking down sidewalk next to a line of stores .
A man hangs upside in the air over the water .
A large group of people fill a street .
A man on a tag line going into the water .
A woman wearing rolled up jeans passing bus a pass whose ad appears to be checking her out .
A man is laying down in the grass at a beautiful park .
Orange SUV drive by the shore .
two men wearing black in a city
The man in the yellow pants is raising his arms .
Two mature hikers take a break and admire the sunset over the lake .
A cheerleading team doing a routine on chairs .
The children are playing a game of checkers .
Small child is rollerskating while bicyclists ride around a track .
A man and his dog watch the sunset from a bench .
Two people dig with shovels at a playground by the ocean .
Decorated limo passing by elderly woman waiting on park bench in Chinese street .
The brown dog is standing on the sandy beach .
A young oriental woman sitting amongst her belongings .
A man is grilling out in his backyard .
A female performer singing with her band .
A girl plays her guitar on a dark stage .
A young girl outside on a rainy day .
Two ladies and three men looking at the ocean .
Two women on the street , one is playing the guitar and the other is playing violin .
A young girl swimming in a pool .
Elementary school students play tug-of-war .
Four people in the subway are having fun .
a tan dog jogging with his tongue hanging out
Two people sit on a grassy lawn in front of a building .
Four people dressed for warm weather out on a street walking .
Two young boys loading fruit onto a bicycle .
One man in a black muscle shirt is playing the drums on some overturned buckets .
A young female artists paints an image of a woman on a wall .
A group of volleyball girls high-fiving each other in a gym .
A man stirring a pot of liquid in this kitchen .
a man wakeboards on a lake .
A man is working a hotdog stand .
People sit in green chairs at tables in the street .
A woman with a tag is pouring red wine in a glass
A young smiling child holds his toy alligator up to the camera .
A girl laying on the tree with a boy kneeling before her .
A man cooking at a restaurant in front of diners .
A blond girl wearing blue jumping across a stream .
A man working on a ticket machine as two women stand near .
An older man is opening his arms wide and looking perplexed .
A young boy practices martial arts .
Three men in same colored vests are in the outdoors .
A woman takes a photo of a baby being held by a man .
Many people wearing headphones are sitting in blue chairs looking at computers .
A child expresses emotion on the soccer field .
A happy woman is preparing a refreshment at a coffee shop .
heavy machinery in a construction zone .
A woman runs after making a hit in women 's softball , the catcher rises to her feet .
Man in a blue jumpsuit attempts to repair an escalator .
Five people in full gear are mountain climbing .
Man in white shirt descends a rock cliff .
A man doing handstand on top of a round statue .
Child in a restaurant posing with a paper mask
A dog carries a very big stick through the water .
Two young children and an adult are fishing on the shoreline near large rocks .
A child walking and leaving a trail behind them .
Two people ridding a colorfully decorated bicycle .
A black dog carrying a colorful ball swims .
Man in a blue shirt practicing karate .
Two Indian men participating in a ceremony .
A young man in a jean jacket smiles for the camera inside a store .
Two people canoe down a river at the time of a beautiful sunset .
An Asian man with dark hair wearing a dark shirt riding the subway .
juggler standing balanced between two columns
Two dogs race across a snowy field .
A band plays on stage in front of an audience .
A baby in a Christmas outfit looks at the camera .
A man is sitting next to a computer monitor .
Lady with glasses sitting and smiling .
People inside of a building , one is taking a photo .
A group of dogs wearing muzzles running a race .
A woman in a blue shirt talking to a baby .
Two men are sitting in chairs in the water fishing .
An old woman working at a loom making cloth .
A boy standing and watching a group of people on a basketball court .
A man in a blue coat grabbing a young boy 's shoulder .
The woman and three dogs are in a field .
A kid sitting in a window of a yellow taxi
A man in a gray shirt and hiking boots jumps off a sandy hill .
A boy wearing a orange Doritos jersey jumps up in the air .
A worker in a red hat and yellow coat is on crane lift .
A man in Brazil giving an informal talk to young adults .
christmas tree lights hang on the ceiling .
A man is abseiling down a cliff over the ocean .
Man in black standing by parked car in the snow .
A fox terrier leaps after a ball .
An attractive young New York City policewoman pauses on the sidewalk .
A Family going for a walk in a park .
a construction worker is frowning with a yellow vest
A little girl dances in a room with balloons on the floor .
A large brown dog is walking along side a river .
A man sits on a small chair on a sidewalk .
A man eating at an outdoor restaurant
Slim , blond woman in white dress holds tennis racket .
A little boy in a red shirt and swim trunks plays at the beach .
An individual wearing rose jacket site idle on a wooden bench .
Man looking out the window of a train .
A woman is holding a small white statue .
Six kids splash in water
Two cyclists traverse a green terrain .
A girl jumps rope on a sidewalk .
A man wearing an orange shirt and helmet .
A woman is playing toys with a young toddler sitting on a red mat .
A family opening up their Christmas presents .
A woman holding onto a camera smiling at the camera .
A little girl tries taking a nap on the comfy sofa .
a doggy runs in the dry grass .
Two dogs are playing outside .
A brown dog standing at the bottom of stone , outdoor stairs .
A check with a green shirt uses a blowtorch on some food .
The man is dressed in all black and has a tattoo on his left arm .
A dog runs outside with a yellow toy .
A dog wearing a cover runs in the snow .
Dog in foreground with three people in background .
A woman holds a young boy who has a wooden spoon in his mouth .
Man in illuminate jacket with headphones on looking .
A group of men using logs to push a boat out of the water .
A man drinks from a wineglass while reading the paper .
A man in a black suit plays the piano .
A young boy in a soccer uniform prepares to kick a soccer ball .
Man with outstretched arms standing on a stone base
A dog drinks water outside on the grass .
Two best friends embracing their friendship .
A man is lathered up and ready for a shave at a barber shop .
The child is running through a puddle in a street .
A man using a chainsaw to cut lumber .
A man sits at a table outside and looks toward the horizon .
The boy wearing a black shirt and blue jeans is holding a red baseball bat .
An unshaven man sits in front of an evergreen tree .
Four dogs race around a turn .
A white man working a spotlight with no shirt on .
Two German sheperds snarling at each other .
Young people hang out at a party .
A brown and white dog fetching a toy .
A man playing an accordion among in a public area .
a woman with brown hair sitting on a bench outside a cafe .
A man playing musical instruments .
Two kids are balancing on a log and holding a rope .
A man stands on his motorcycle while doing a wheelie .
A girl lays on a wooden deck with a piece of clothing covering her face .
A woman in a black shirt sitting on a red bench .
The dog walks across the stream on a fallen log .
A small boy stands on a cement stump in a park with his hands on his head .
The group of people are all covered by umbrellas .
A long , green board that has " lovely " written on it .
A man is throwing a log into a waterway while two dogs watch .
Four people playing instruments underneath a white tent .
A crowd is assembled in a street .
A woman in white clothing is holding a rope .
Two people in blue shirts are outside with a bullhorn .
A black dog in a red harness jumping .
A cowboy riding on the back of a bronco in a competition .
Workers laying gravel along a railroad track .
A town worker working on electrical equipment .
Construction workers in orange talking .
Three men are walking up hill .
A woman in white marriage dress poses with Flowers in her hand
A young man tunes his guitar in the kitchen .
Boys in shorts jump and play outside
Three workers in bright vests are shoveling .
Six people are sitting behind two kayaks .
A choir group is gathered together in a church .
A group of preteens jumping at the same time .
Two guys are kayaking , one orange one blue , down a creek .
Two women repairing a wall with concrete .
A woman in a red jacket and blue jeans is sitting in front of a red arch .
Two people recreating a medieval fight .
A soldier is looking out of a window .
a person cooking on a fire while a small child watches .
man laying on the ground looking at a boy .
A woman raising the anchors on a boat .
A boy sitting on and looking out from a microscope .
little girl in pink dress running in grass
Many people are sitting around a tent outside .
A man in a black shirt prepares to play the drum .
A man in blue with a white wrap around his forehead reading a book .
Three children in swimsuites are having fun outside near a white building .
A dog jumps over an obstacle outside .
A dog rolls on the ground .
Two brown dogs fight on the leafy ground .
A man watches a pan catch fire while cooking in the kitchen .
A man , wearing revolutionary period clothes , is ringing a bell .
A man in a black shirt fishing on a rocky shore .
Two dogs bite at each other on the carpet .
Two men stop to chat on the sidewalk as a car passes by .
An Asian man in white working in a kitchen .
Kids getting off a yellow school bus .
Two women wear shirts depicting how much they like beer
A young kayaker wearing an orange life-vest is all alone in a lake .
People walking on a trail in a tree filled park .
Young people chat outside near a buzy street .
A teenage girl holds a little boy near ivy covered walls .
Three people wearing black are posing .
A four wheel drive vehicle is driving on a dirt track .
A light brown dog is running up .
A boy poses with a large green insect on his nose .
A medium sized dog is jumping to get a stick .
A crowd on a busy daytime street .
Two dogs on a wet , sandy track .
A man wearing sandals sits on the sidewalk near some bags .
A man and a woman are chatting while sitting next to a black gate .
A teenage boy is looking at coffee makers at Walmart .
A crowded commercial area in the evening .
A boy is leaning up against a car adorned with flowers .
A mother with her four children .
Two well-dressed men chat .
a woman sweeps the foundation of a house .
A woman peeks out from behind a rock with the ocean in the background .
A brown dog frolics in a field carrying a plush toy
A boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .
A small child with a distended stomach stands alone .
A woman texts on her phone while surrounded by umbrellas .
Eight men are standing on a stage playing instruments .
A man in an orange jumpsuit and matching hard hat is helping with a blue hose
This man holds a fish while two little girls stand to either side of him .
A man and a dog navigate an obstacle course .
A man is doing a backflip into a pool .
An Asian woman pinning her hair back .
3 kids and one female are playing with blocks in a room .
A small black dog jumping over gates
A man in a green shirt is playing a trumpet .
A man talks on the phone with his feet up .
a group of children sitting on the floor , eating snacks at school
A black boy is sitting in the sand .
Two dogs play together and another runs after in a field .
Some students sit outside school buildings in the grass .
Two dogs play catch with a ball in a field .
The blond-haired child played on the swing .
Three people are talking while two of them are drinking .
A kitchen staff is preparing food .
A dog gets ready to catch a Frisbee .
Fans cheer as the band plays a song .
A young boy stands near a sand pyramid .
Three young children are walking through a grassy yard .
A man pounds on an artwork perched on a cart .
A mountain biker with a backpack crests a ridge .
A brunet child , wearing rain boots is playing in the dirt .
A woman in an orange jacket sits on a bench .
a man doing a trick on skateboard
A man in a martial arts uniform in midair .
Older woman selling food on the street .
Two diverse teams competing in soccer .
A child wearing a jersey jumps in the air .
A goalie in a yellow field is protecting the goal .
A group of people taking shots at a restaurant .
A young man skateboards off a pink railing .
A little boy jumps high off his bed .
2 people in blue and purple costumes are looking at each other with a hill in the background .
A man just made it over the finish line .
Asian woman standing near machinery give peace sign .
A man giving two thumbs up as he runs a race .
Basketball players shoot for a goal during a game .
Number 12 in orange gets ready to throw the football .
A man in a white helmet crouches while he skateboards .
A football coach and his team on the sidelines .
A little girl is pushing her scooter through a grassy tree lined field .
A crowd of children in white shirts , black shorts and white hats jumping rope .
Pedestrians walking down the street look at a child in a cardboard box .
Black dog running across sand .
Two army soldiers and a woman talking in an office .
A few men in gold and red oriental robes .
Man carries bike over obstacle
Couple sitting in the chairs in a backyard .
Children on a train , at an amusement park .
A man in a blue bodysuit surfing .
The boy jumps onto his soccer player brother .
Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match .
An old man with an umbrella and cane walking down the street
A boy jumps through the air onto something red .
A boy in an orange shirt is pouring Legos from a bag .
Two women and a man are having a discussion at an event .
Three people smiling and holding political signs .
A policeman stands in front of an SUV .
Two guys wearing jackets .
A child falling back to kick a soccer ball .
A young boy with a blue beanie has his head down .
A man sits while playing the guitar .
A man eating and holding a baby with a white hat on .
A boy is holding up a paper with a crowd of people around him .
A woman directs a crowd of people with a loudspeaker .
Several people with different costumes are gathered together at a Halloween party .
A crowd is present at a bar .
Two girls are walking in car wash parking lot .
A man is using electronic equipment .
Water splashing up against something .
An army officer is inspecting something .
A bride and groom kiss under the bride 's veil .
A man with a red bandanna over his face looks on as police stand in the background wearing riot gear .
a black and white dog is jumping fences in a dog show .
A woman wearing a sweater is reading a book in her home .
A male and female watching something interesting .
The man in the white t-shirt is starting to climb a rock .
Man posing in a kitchen with his arm stretched out .
Two young men in black tank tops playing on a set of drums .
Asian workers gleaning in a field .
Two women and a man are looking at a book .
Three people standing near a door , with silly string cans .
A cook is posing for a camera while cooking .
Protesters with " NO NEW COAL " signs in urban area .
a bmx rider gets a lot of air .
A young child is running along a beach .
A white duck expanding its wings in the water .
A group of people are standing in a warehouse .
A woman in a pink skirt is holding a baby .
The goaltender is crouching in front of the goal .
A man is walking past a large sign that says E.S.E. Electronics .
Three children are posing on a playground slide .
A man is dancing with a dog between his legs .
A brown dog running through the water .
Oregon percussionists are marching with the band .
The children are playing outdoors , while a man smiles nearby .
A group of women are playing musical instruments together .
A girl in a purple dress is throwing a tantrum .
A man with graying hair shaves his beard .
A group of dogs stand in the snow .
Man in a Miami basketball uniform jumping to make a shot .
A person is sitting on a chair next to a very small house .
children sit on top of somebody in a banana suit .
A dog jumping over a stream of water .
A crowd gathered around a park water fountain in the rain .
A group of men standing on the street .
A young Lassie looking dog is in the snow .
Yellow team and Blue team racing to the soccer ball .
A woman in a black shirt is knitting with purple yarn .
Four asian women dressed in yellow dresses perform a ballet .
Man plays a strange looking string instrument .
Women running on a soccer field .
A snow skier is going down a slalom course .
An older man plays a game with a small child .
A film crew films a young African boy in a yellow shirt .
A person walks in the dark near streetlights .
Cowboy riding a black bull in a ring .
Where is the rest of his racket ?
Two young children scaling a wall with harnesses on .
The quad at the student services fair .
A young girl in martial arts class kicks a bag .
Two men are playing with tires in muddy water .
Many people are watching street performers dancing .
The woman in the tan suit is speaking at the pedestal .
A woman is laying down on a sofa laughing .
a girl smiles while holding a shovel .
A dear jumps the fence .
Three dogs wrestle in the grass .
Two young children are on sand .
A small boy enjoys chasing ducks in the fall .
Four people stand with their dogs in a field .
A group of men and women are standing outside on green grass .
girl wearing radio t-shirt has open mouth
A tribal group filling water jugs in the desert .
The man is in front of a building
Seagulls fighting over a scrap of bread .
Two men ride on a rural road in a flatbed vehicle pulled by two horses .
Two people at the top of a mountain .
A lady is lying in the snow making a snow angel .
Three men are cheering in kitchen .
A person is writing on a chalkboard in a empty classroom .
a man either giving or viewing a powerpoint presentation .
A group of people rest on a cliff overlooking a scenic view .
A man doing a skateboard trick over a railroad track .
There is a man in an orange shirt playing tennis .
A dark brown dog is biting at a lighter brown colored dog .
What is this ecstatic child running towards ?
A man in orange working under dim lighting .
A cowboy with a white hat tying a bull .
Two dogs are playing in the snow .
A restaurant worker takes a sip of coffee in the kitchen .
a dog chases another dog with a toy in its mouth .
hockey player in white uniform with stick
A man wearing a white t-shirt has his mouth open wide .
A brown dog is looking at the black horse on the other side of the gate .
A man with mismatched shoes sits in front of an entrance .
a couple posing together each smiling
A maze of blue and yellow walls in front of a lady
A black dog is chasing a punctured ball in the snow .
A small child kissing a cat on the kitchen counter .
The two kids are playing at the playground .
A man in a sleeveless blue tennis shirt blows kisses to the fans .
A boy takes a flying leap into the water .
A boy carrying a chunk of snow .
Two police officers observe while a crowd gathers outside a white tarp .
Two men trying to build a fire .
Two men sit talking near a stone building .
Two young girls pose for a picture with one carrying the other .
A black and white dog catching a baseball in midair .
Man and woman kissing on sidewalk next to a parked car .
A woman is playing volleyball .
Two large dogs are fighting in a dirt field .
A brown dog jumps over an obstacle .
A dark-haired main standing in front of a blue garage door .
A girl in pink is holding onto a young boy wearing red .
People at a rodeo are watching a cowboy getting thrown from the bull .
Children fight to win a tug-of-war battle .
A man in a green shirt rides a bike in the woods .
Two women in India , sitting near an ox .
A man helping a boy ride a bike .
Boy in red shirt and black shorts sweeps driveway .
Family standing in a small village .
A long-haired flutist performs near a tree outside .
Two women are smiling while sitting at the table .
A brown dog is walking on the grass .
Two girls participate in a softball game .
A woman tears up over a huge donation to the Kids Food Basket .
Two dogs , one holding a ball .
Two adults and two children pose on a park bench .
A woman blowing on a milkweed in a field .
Mexican villagers are buying potatoes at an outdoor market .
Seven people are outside listening to a man playing his instrument .
A man listening to music on a park bench .
An old man with a red scarf reading a newspaper on the subway .
A man wearing apron is slicing a meat .
Man in a red shirt riding a trick bicycle on only the rear wheel .
A man is at the beach making a sand sculpture .
People enjoying cookout food in a public park .
Two women , one wearing a purple shirt , attempt to climb a utility pole .
A horse rider struggles to stay on their mount .
A dog is jumping through a flaming hoop .
A woman named Amanda is applying lipstick to her lips .
A guy fixing a bike for a young girl .
Two women are dancing while men play music behind them .
A large yellow dog is retrieving a stick .
The sun is under someone 's nose .
An audience cheers at a concert .
Three women in elaborate costumes hold up " I Love You " cards .
A dog is digging a hole in the dirt
A little boy in a striped polo shirt plays tennis .
Two dogs run on a dirt area near a forest .
A child is playing in water .
Three young sumo wrestlers standing and listening to an announcer
Two men are in the woods one is looking at a log .
Three players bring a team opponent to the ground .
2 males walking about on a street corner .
A man holding up another with his back .
A white dog is walking on top of a mountain .
A boy riding a skateboard on a skateboarding ramp
A man on stage next to a microphone .
Three athletes holding bouquets stand on the victory podium .
Two bald drag queens in red dresses
A toddler is looking at clothes on a rack .
A young girl hanging onto playground equipment .
A man riding a green motorcycle jumping nine other green motorcycles .
Woman on four way seesaw with 2 kids .
A group of people playing on a beach .
A girl cyclist being hugged by another girl .
Two dogs leap through snowy grass and rocks .
A woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field .
A street vendor is displaying artwork and other goods .
Two older people sit at an outdoor cafe table .
Two guys with nipple piercings are smiling .
A baby laughing on the floor .
A man and woman are locked arms sitting down and all dressed up .
Two people mud wrestling .
A man in a white shirt walking in front of an old building .
Two figures are walking by a pond .
A newlywed couple speak with guests at their wedding .
Two women , one in blue and one in red speed skating on a basketball court .
A family sitting on rocks posing for the camera .
A group of people do tricks on motorbikes .
a man riding a bike through the forest
A man in green walking down the beach while holding his shoes .
Several men standing around an antique race car
two mechanics working on a drag racing car .
Children jump off the edge into a pool .
A man with Rollerblades grinding a curb .
A woman in a striped-tunic on a bicycle .
A woman in black clothes with one leg up .
A man in brown building a raft .
Some men sitting on the steps of a church .
A crane operates amidst piles of rubble .
Gymnast doing handstand on a pole
An old woman is choosing fresh herbs at the market .
Two men are working in a shop .
A teacher in white and a little girl wearing a yellow dress playing with building block .
A young female child asleep with a book laying over her chest .
A woman eating in the grass on a beautiful day .
A man is walking down a narrow street .
Native woman being constructive with her hands .
One African American woman working in a field with a baby in a sling .
A man in a karate is performing in front of two judges .
A man dressed in Victorian-era clothing plays a piano in the street .
An elderly man sitting in a chair , eating some snacks .
A young woman in white working in a professional kitchen .
A man with work clothes on standing on the back of a truck .
Two children pet horses in a field .
A window with some type of design painted on it .
Woman with a surprised face in front of a Vitamin Shoppe
Young man taping arm from injury wearing cowboy hat .
A guy explains something to his friend .
A woman in a red shirt sitting with two young girls in dresses .
A girl in a red shirt jumps up to hit a tennis ball .
A man posing the camera with green crane .
A man share a Carlsberg toast with someone .
Trays of freshly-baked pretzels are being loaded onto a delivery truck .
A man in a dark jacket is playing an instrument .
Martial artist with rods performing in a parade .
A man stands on a rocky cliff overlooking a body of water .
Police officer whistles while he works
Two police officers on duty watching over things .
Two men in blue shirts looking at a soccer game .
Policemen stand at attention in their office .
A woman is doing yoga at the beach .
People gathered to watch someone play the flute .
A man with a balloon hat makes balloon animals .
Men tend meat at the makeshift barbecue .
Two men selling fruit at a fruit market .
A woman in a bikini is pouring a drink for a man .
Boy in sunglasses is running behind a fair .
a white man is splitting wood indoors
A man in a plaid shirt shows off a black set of gloves .
Two men sitting and talking to each other .
A woman in a red velvet dress and black hat waits by a curb .
soccer players stand on the field .
People jump over a mountain crevasse on a rope .
people watching marathon runners .
Three people work on their laptops inside a store .
A guy with headphones DJing at a party .
A man wearing gloves carries corn through a field .
this is a mirrored ceiling in a cafeteria .
A woman holding a red balloon in a red coat .
An old woman watches a cat investigates two rabbits .
A woman sits in a cafe , looking out a window .
Three college-age women sit in upholstered chairs .
A woman in a blue shirt walking in a village .
Many kids are sitting and taking notes .
A tan dog playing with a stick on the shore .
Two dogs biting another dog in a field .
A child is on a motorcycle smiling .
A family having a turkey dinner .
A man in a Santa suit stands amongst a crowded street .
People at a protest regarding military personnel .
A woman in a blue helmet and red pants riding a motorcycle .
People are in a room practicing a martial art .
A man in a black costume and a woman in an orange costume are dueling in front of a crowd of spectators .
A guy who got out of his car with trees around .
Young woman climbing rock face
A man in a green jacket is working on his tire .
Two men read a bunch of colorful notes laid out on a table .
A man sings and plays the guitar into a microphone .
Two men sitting in a restaurant .
Two people in shorts are running on the beach .
Construction workers having a discussion by the tracks .
People stand and walk on a brick sidewalk wearing jackets and warm clothes .
A group of people are playing on an object .
A little girl in navy blue is posing on a railing .
A group of men sitting and talking behind some green fruit .
A man dressed in yellow speaks into a microphone .
A brown dog with a purple Frisbee in its mouth .
Oriental man practicing his karate moves by the ocean .
A woman with a drink and a woman with a cellphone .
A young boy with a red jacket fell from his sled in the snow .
A woman sitting next to her purse watching dogs at the park .
A musical act wearing clown makeup is performing with a guitar .
African woman standing near a hut with pots and jugs .
Two dancers performing in the spotlight , on stage .
Two small dogs follow a larger dog with a tennis ball
A man with a bushy beard and a baseball cap sits on a park bench .
An African tribe is standing in their garden with the forest in the background .
A young girl is trying to brush a goat .
Some people sitting on yellow chairs eating in a cafe .
A very young girl is holding food while sitting in a highchair .
A man mows a small lawn with a push mower .
A woman reads a book while sitting in a row of red chairs .
A child claps while riding on a woman 's shoulders .
A man is sitting in the snow watching as a group of people are walking by .
A cat sits on top of a store sign .
A man is wearing a black jacket and has on headphones .
A young man about to throw a football .
A guy and a girl going down a spiral walkway .
A woman with pink hair poses on a street corner with two pink dogs .
A businessman prepares to walk into work carrying his bag and a morning coffee .
A man jumps in the middle of a rocky desert .
A person wearing a red jacket holding rainbow streamers .
A woman puts her arm on a person sitting in a wheelchair .
An Asian man is cooking eggs in a pan outside while a woman watches .
A woman with a push-to-talk cellphone and headset waiting at a crosswalk .
A group of men walk down a city street .
Cars driving down a street lined with ornate walls and power lines .
A circular piece of architecture is in this city .
A curly-haired man carrying drinks .
Pan handler playing the accordion on the sidewalk .
A woman dressed up in green , probably for St. Patrick 's day .
A young girl fully dresses running on the beach towards the water .
A skateboarder in a black t-shirt and jeans skating threw the city .
A man with a blue jacket photographing a large building .
People on the sideline of a soccer match .
A family of four is crossing the street .
A group of people walk down the street in the sun .
A man picking his nose and with poor hygiene skills .
An empty alleyway with blocked off windows .
Observers and Players watch a batting from a batter at a game .
The woman in the gold coat hurries to catch the subway .
Two row of trees leading to an open gate .
A man in a suit is sitting at a bus stop .
A black man plays a makeshift drum set with a cardboard sign .
A young brunette woman eating and drinking something .
A man with a top hat is playing guitar on the sidewalk .
A woman in a red vest working at a computer .
People getting near fire to warm hands .
A man using the bathroom mirror to tie his tie .
There is a band playing for a small audience .
Two guys sitting on a car and horse with potatoes in the back .
A woman in a dress walks past a construction zone .
A clerk in a convenience store asks a customer buying alcohol for his age and identification .
A man wearing sunglasses in a backhoe dumps dirt onto the ground .
A baby playing with her toys looking at a black and white cat .
A teenage girl is carrying a guitar in the woods .
A man strolls down a sidewalk , holding an orange bag .
A tourists shopping at a local dive shop .
A woman in black is holding something in her mouth .
a group of people looking out at a coffee table
A BMX biker shoots up into the air .
A blond woman shows her profile in front of a white luxury car .
Three young girls are walking together down the sidewalk .
A woman with long hair is at a graduation ceremony .
A man is skateboarding on a road while another man watches from the sidewalk .
A man in a black leather coat is standing in front of a sign .
A man and a woman on stage at an outdoor venue .
A young child with ringlet curls laying in a grassy area blows dandelion fuzz off a stem .
A young women 's soccer team with green uniforms is performing a stretching exercise .
Two dancers are performing within a caution-tape boundary .
A man is bent over working outside under red green and yellow flags .
A group of men standing on a field of black balls .
A person in jeans , half-hidden by an umbrella .
A man in a tank top fixing himself a hotdog .
Ten people swimming in calm water .
Several people are outside sitting on a long bench either working or resting .
The workers are surrounding a hole with a bucket .
A man on a rocky beach , wearing a black bathing suit , staring at the water .
A guard is on the look out while on duty .
A pool player lines up his shot , as friends stand by awaiting their turn .
A group of people stand in the park of a city .
A woman stares at a man wearing a plaid shirt .
A group of people linger on the side of a road .
Two men in robes next to a large structure .
Two people are spending good time in their boat .
A man and a woman standing on a street corner .
Exhausted looking firemen are walking .
Four men pose for the camera on a blanket in what appears to be a middle eastern location .
This is a large group of people sitting outside on benches .
A picture of a storefront with a few people passing by .
Doctors performing some type of surgery .
A man wearing a tank-top and a baseball cap holding a camera .
Small orchestra playing with open violin case in front
The two man are dancing in the street .
Two people look on in the nighttime at the lights in a city .
A man drives a motorcycle in a wooded area , with another driver standing to the side .
Several men dressed in orange gather for an outdoor social event .
Two people walk on the sidewalk past a brick building .
Nice view of a guy climbing a cliff .
The child is having a meltdown on the ground .
two people eating with an onlooking greyhound dog .
A man wearing a jacket , hat and jeans at a market
Two men are playing guitar in a band .
Man serving another man a beer without using a cup .
Two people standing outside next to blow up toys and dumpsters .
Three bicyclists riding on bridge along side traffic .
Two older women outside set against a cityscape .
Woman in red looking over the celebration parade below .
A skinny shirtless indian boy wearing shorts is jumping to the lake .
girl child looking through a telescope in a serene setting
A black man in a reflective vest standing in a dirt hole .
A man waits at a light to cross the street .
Construction workers picketing against PM Construction Services .
Hispanics are on horseback trying to wrangle a free horse .
A black man with a red shirt on is walking .
Two nuns are standing outside .
Girl listening to purple headphones at a coffee shop
A girl in a green shirt talking on a cellphone .
African girl with a small boy tied to her back by fabric .
A group of people are sitting in chairs .
A person in a bandanna stands on the street in front his things .
Woman with red shirt sitting holding purse .
A black dog and a brown dog with a ball .
A man holding a remote controlled airplane .
A man in a field with an airplane in view .
A man in a black suite sitting in a train tunnel .
a kid is walking down the sidewalk with a few American flags .
A black dog runs on green grass with a toy in his mouth .
A man in a black shirt is standing in line with his luggage .
A dog is playing fetch with a ball .
A group of students sit and listen to the speaker .
People are driving scooters down the street at night .
A large gray sea deck and a guy on the bike .
Man and his son wave as they ride a small train .
A young man and women near a large metal sculpture
A group of people get set to go fishing .
A man with a hat is taking a photo in a busy city .
Man with plaid shirt staring off into the distance .
A woman in black has a little girl in a yellow dress on her shoulders .
People playing instruments at a train station .
The dirt bike rider is deep in the sand .
Three people , with backpacks hiking along a dirt road through the mountains .
Many men in suits waiting , one man is on his cellphone .
A girl walking past some graffiti on a brick wall .
A woman on a large floor twirling ribbons and she is wearing a uniform .
A man in blue shorts and sitting in the pool watches a boy get out of the water .
A man sitting on a bench under a large tree .
Three men in striped shirts carry flags .
This photo shows Asian art on display .
People walking through the mall .
These people are climbing the steps to go the mountain
The toddler in blue is looking away from his red ball .
People are looking at children 's toys in a store .
A man in a straw hat playing the drum .
A group of young Asian people .
An Asian man in a black shirt making a fighting pose
A group of men are standing beside a blue railing for a picture .
a girl on a swimsuit stretching her leg next to the beach
A puppy with blue eyes runs , an older dog with blue eyes stands behind .
A group of people outside of a building .
Man standing by a poster of religious beliefs .
A policeman is on a bike waiting for the light to change .
A group of men are sitting around a table .
A group of people stand in front of a small gate .
a woman walking her dog and another woman is pushing a stroller .
The one teen has a headband and the other one a hat .
Two people on red motorcycle riding with a group of motorcyclist .
Two female soldiers standing in a crowd .
Three girls are smiling for a picture .
Two young women discuss something while waiting .
A boy is drinking out of a water fountain shaped like a woman .
Two men and a woman are walking down a city street .
An older male is holding an infant while sitting down .
A child in a red hat is riding a horse .
A young boy is playing with a yo-yo .
A little girl on the beach with a shovel in hand .
An elderly man sleeps sitting up on the end of a red couch
Two people waving their hands in the air and looking up .
A young couple sits on the sidewalk and relaxes together .
An asian girl is flashing the peace-sign .
Three people sitting at a table outside Bar Gelati Tabacchi .
An upside down man in a black shirt with red wristbands .
A man walking in front of a colorful wall mural .
A young man wearing a blue jacket is turning his head .
A man trimming a palm tree inside a patio-type cafe ' .
A woman wearing a p blouse walks up a flight of stairs .
Different kind of people roaming around in a public market
Two young boys eat McDonalds for lunch .
a woman wearing a denim jacket walking along a sidewalk
A man rides some people on a street cart in traffic .
A gentleman reading a newspaper at a newspaper stand .
A boy in a stroller is wearing a green shirt and holding a book .
Two children sit side by side while eating a treat .
Asian people ride their bikes in the street .
Crowds of people are all riding bicycles .
A man riding a cart pulled by a donkey .
A man in black is riding his bike .
A young man in a blue poncho smoking a cigarette .
Two men in suits under an umbrella and in front of graffiti .
A gentleman is riding his bike in the city .
A cowboy is roping a steer while riding a horse .
A cowboy-looking fellow slings a lasso .
Two people are biking past a house and field in the country .
Someone buying groceries at a grocery store .
The elderly man is enjoying time in the park visiting with friends .
A woman with long hair in black clothing is taking a photograph .
Three people walk away from the camera , and a man in a black shirt looks back .
Two people looking a piece of paper standing on concrete .
A woman talks on the phone as a group of men talk before class .
A woman in a swimsuit sitting on a bench with a dog .
Two women are walking in dirt outside a large building .
A group of men and a child in white shirts are standing in the road .
A woman wearing all black and carrying a black bag on sidewalk
A group of men sits around a table .
A mural of children on a brick wall .
A dark-haired man wearing a black apron .
Woman sitting at a table while working on her laptop computer .
A man seriously working on something on a desktop .
A man sits in a chair watching people stroll by .
Two gardeners are pruning a stretch of leafy plants .
Some leaping over a high bar in Barcelona .
A man in full cowboy attire rides a bucking horse for an audience .
Two young girls are sitting on the street eating corn .
A football player for the East Lake team takes down his opponent .
A young child with a dirty face being held by an old woman .
Two men are in a room and are looking in opposite directions .
Two people sitting under a tree picking a green vegetable .
A child is looking through a telescope
Man preparing food while two others watch .
A small child in a snowsuit and skis .
A group of village women gathered in dance
Man and woman sort clothes together .
A young girl sitting on a wooden chair .
A man in blue is using a tool on a metal piece of fence .
A punk wearing a white T-shirt is performing tricks on his skateboard .
Men shoveling snow on a sidewalk in a city .
A guy wearing a white shirt is playing a white guitar .
Three children inspecting their disposable cameras .
A little boy jumping off of a dock into a lake .
This woman is having some sort of dental procedure done .
A snowboarder in an orange coat is in the middle of a jump .
A naked little girl splashing in a mud puddle
One man riding his bicycle through an alleyway next to some graffiti .
A gymnast is being judged at en event .
People walking down the street with a street vendor .
A man in an alley with his mule .
Two children are playing with a bicycle .
Two men scrimmage in soccer , as a referee looks on .
A man jumps and poses for photographers lying on the ground .
a girl takes a sip from the water fountain .
The spelunker finds water during his trek .
A scientist looking through a microscope in a lab .
A blond child sleeping by the couch .
A shopkeeper sweeps the front of his store .
Three Asian men in a kitchen cooking .
a construction worker prepping for roof work .
Two girls in shorts are holding hands at a pool .
A group of children playing and having a good time .
children ride bikes in what appears to be an impoverished nation .
a boy in an over-sized chef hat and apron , cutting sausages in the kitchen .
Children petting an animal , a clown is holding .
Pictured is the captain of a boat ; he is steering .
A yellow bulldozer working to move dirt .
A woman in a red shirt and black pants riding a white horse on brown grass .
A woman with black sunglasses is posing for a photo on top of a large rock outdoors .
Three men are dress up with some colors of blue , orange and white .
A girl plays in an inflatable pool .
A boy and a girl are swinging on a swing set in a park .
A man throws a fishing net into the bay .
A worker in a yellow vest stands on train tracks .
Two men in hard hats working at building a structure .
There is a band on stage with band members wearing hints of blue .
A rocker with his shirt off sings into a microphone while he plays the drums .
Here are three people unloading their groceries at the supermarket .
an Amish man walking down a country road .
Woman on a fitness machine in an untidy house .
A man puts a little girl atop his shoulders while walking down a busy street .
Two dancers are practicing ballet technique .
Several women are performing a dance in front of a building .
Chinese male on his cellphone walking through the alley .
A woman plays with finger puppets as a small child in a costume walks by .
Bare chested Black men play drums on makeshift paint buckets to a pleased crowd .
A child is rollerblading with a lot of pads .
A small white car is on the train tracks and may or may not have been hit by the train behind it .
Two old men play guitar and sing at a rock concert .
A woman in blue shorts is walking near a large rock in a shallow river .
Two men playing guitar in front of a large audience .
All couples are dancing and enjoying their company .
A woman sits in a market where she sells goods with her dog .
Two men and a woman are having a conversation .
A group of men in red and black jackets waits on motorcycles .
A man with a number 3 soccer uniform kicking a soccer ball .
A man is hawking refreshments at a sports game .
Some guys are playing sports together .
Kids compete to gain possession of the soccer ball .
A woman in a blue shirt releasing a bowling ball at a bowling lane .
Several football players on a field in action .
A boy is sitting on an escalator holding a phone .
A woman who is running , with blue shorts .
A group of young adults singing in a choir .
The Iowa State football player blocks a Texas A&M defenseman while running with the ball .
Two sweepers work frantically as their curling teammates look on .
Men are playing soccer in muddy conditions .
Men from Lafayette and Penn State are playing basketball .
People walk through an arch in an old-looking city .
Two Formula-1 cars are racing side by side on a track .
A football player in a white uniform is holding a football .
A young child has a popsicle stick in his mouth .
A woman and a child are walking down a street .
Four people playing hockey in an ice rink .
Three woman bouncing on balls in the grass .
A young male is running while playing tennis against another person .
A man and a woman in white shirts are hugging each other .
Street magician showing an act to a group of 5 people in a city .
Very young boy in a green shirt laying face down on a white bed .
A man rest against his bicycle as the sun sets .
A woman is skying in a snowy area wearing warm clothing .
Four females are doing some crafts activity .
A man wearing black and white stripes is trying to stop a horse .
A man is photographing a piece of paper with his smartphone .
A woman with red-hair is neck deep in cloudy blue water .
Two little boys in polos , are holding a black lab .
Four children practice karate while two adults watch .
A man lounges on a red sofa in a furniture showroom .
A group of people talking at tables .
A jockey riding his horse in a race , as another , losing jockey looks on .
A red race car is rounding the corner , ahead of the other cars .
A man being hit by a bull during an event , as another man runs to help .
A shirtless man walks toward a yellow kayak .
A boy aiming his gun at a target .
A group of men playing a game of rugby .
In this photo , two young boys are socializing by a pond .
A woman paints a brown vase with white flowers .
A family is at a market in a different country .
A baseball player for the Saints is pitching the baseball .
A man on the beach jumps to hit a volleyball .
A man stands on a blue boat , handling fishing nets .
Two feet and a surfboard emerging from a wave .
Someone is filling a large syringe with vegetables .
Soccer players are jumping in the air to hit the ball with their heads .
Two boys practicing passing a soccer ball .
Someone carrying an umbrella while crossing an intersection .
A large group of people are running a marathon through a city .
A young man with long hair practices skateboarding .
Two people are playing a water sport .
a guy give a kiss to a guy also
A man signs an autograph in a young boy 's book .
A man in a blue shirt is skateboarding .
An Asian man sits on the tracks with crates of peanuts .
A uniformed man standing and cheering while holding his hat in his hands .
The cars are racing around the track .
His eyes filled with joyous expectation , a skier prepares for a jump .
A young boy and girl cuddle in a grassy field .
A toddler eats a green apple in his playpen outside .
The football players are running to get the ball .
A rock band playing on stage with the lead guitarist wearing white striped pants and the lead singer in a black shirt and jeans with the bass player in the background .
A man is leaping over a barrier away from a bull .
She is hitting the tennis ball over the line .
Two concert base players are playing their instruments .
A man is carrying metal beams in a supply yard .
Woman with camera is throwing a Frisbee for her brown dog to catch .
Two people , a male and a female , are watching a very large fire .
Two young girls dressed in pink reach into wishing fountain at mall .
A young boy with long hair plays in the water .
Two men , one wearing white and the other wearing blue , are wrestling .
A female beach volleyball player serving the ball .
A orange kitten biting the nose of a child .
A woman is cooking with a large pot .
Two children cross a small brook using a stone bridge .
Two African American women without helmets are riding on a scooter , the passenger is waving to the camera .
Two boys in front of a soda machine .
A man rides his mountain bike with mountains in the background .
A woman with a tattoo and a cellphone stands in front of a picture .
A woman rides her bike with her white helmet and her biking shorts and top .
A team of cyclists rounds a bend while nearby spectators cheer and take photographs .
A football player being tackled on a rainy day .
A runner scrambles for yardage while being brought down by two tacklers .
A basketball is in progress with a man in white and gold attempting to block a shot from a man in black .
A man is talking on a cellphone outside .
A baseball player taking a swing at the plate .
Dirt biker makes a sloping turn in a forest during the fall .
Two young men playing basketball , one defending the other attempting to make a basket .
A boy grimaces as he jumps high in the air .
Two boys playing together at a playground .
A boy riding his scooter with sunglasses on .
A boy wearing a cubs uniform winds up to hit a ball on a tee .
Six men sit in a field of crops containing wooden crates .
A brown puppy chewing on a stick .
A male wearing a number 12 shirt , is maintaining the horse steady .
A man with an apron and hat cooking .
A hispanic woman is using a outdoors wok to cook .
A girl in black clothes leads the way in a race .
A woman wearing a hat is riding a bike .
There are kids playing in the dirt beside the road .
An old man playing a game at the casino .
Little girl in arm floaties exploring the coast line .
