A man with gauges and glasses is wearing a Blitz hat .
A black and white dog is running through the grass .
A girl kicking a stick that a man is holding in tae kwon do class .
Five people wearing winter clothing , helmets , and ski goggles stand outside in the snow .
Three men , one on a ladder , work on a roof .
A photographer takes a picture of a group of one girl in a pink dress and 10 boys in suits and hats .
The people are quietly listening while the story of the ice cabin was explained to them .
A baseball player coming into home plate with knee held high and the catcher right in front of him waiting for the ball .
A man stands on boards on top of a huge ladder .
A man and woman talking are interrupted and a man covers his face .
A mother and her young song enjoying a beautiful day outside .
A group of spectators watch a men 's sand volleyball game .
Employee in pink shirt smiles for camera inside a restaurant kitchen .
man sitting using tool at a table in his home .
Three rock climbers are posing on big rocks .
The little girl is walking a beam in gymnastics class .
A boy and a girl holding hands while sitting on a shore .
A woman in a hat waits to be served at a store .
The person in the striped shirt is mountain climbing .
Two men pretend to be statutes while women look on .
A large group of people stand outside of a church .
A teenager plays her trumpet on the field at a game .
A woman is doing flips on a trampoline in front of a lake .
A man stands next to a bank of computer gambling machines .
A woman uses a drill while another man takes her picture .
A lady with blond-hair and glasses works hard to clean up her table .
A man in black pants cutting bushes .
Four young boys are standing around a grill .
Women , wearing traditional clothing , are reenacting native life .
One man holds another man 's head down and prepares to punch him in the face .
There are six men mountain biking in a forest terrain .
2 blond girls are sitting on a ledge in a crowded plaza .
A young boy plays in the water with the mountains in the background .
Three people are sitting at an outside picnic bench with an umbrella .
3 boys are standing on a pier in their bathing suits .
A woman at a fish market is looking at the fish that are frozen .
A pretty woman plays a harpsichord .
A customs officer leaning on a bike rack outside of an office building .
Latin woman shows off homemade pizza in kitchen .
A shirtless man in jean shorts fishing off the rocks .
The little girl is wearing a floating device in the water .
A man in a blue shirt gesticulates as he speaks to a uniformed official .
Several people sit on a train .
A child wearing Crocs sits on a swing in a wooded area .
A man walks into a maroon building as a dog looks on .
Two men wearing swim trunks jump in the air at a moderately populated beach .
A toddler is cooking with another person .
A man and a little girl in a grassy area are planting a tree while a little boy off to the side is holding a hoe .
A man in a black hoodie is preparing food .
A man in jeans at the beach playing with a red ball .
Many people are walking along the sidewalk in an Asian marketplace .
A person did a side flip while water boarding .
A large crowd of people are walking down the street .
a man in a harness being dragged across the water
A woman whose head is not visible walks in front of a bus with an advertisement on its side .
A man in a pink shirt is sitting in the grass and a ball is in the air .
A truck driving along a beach near a flock of seagulls .
Two men are watching something .
There is a man with yellow pants and a man with black pants .
Two men stand beneath a tree as they watch the sunset over the ocean .
Nine cheerleaders perform acrobatics behind a row of chairs .
Children are contemplating their next move in a game of checkers .
People happily walking along a street with palm trees in the background .
A man and a dog sit on a bench near a body of water .
A boy and his younger brother playing together at the playground .
An old woman is sitting on a bench , while behind her a limo pulls up and two people in white are walking by .
A gray colored dog walks in wet sand at a beach .
An Asian woman selling silk scarfs , bags , and wallets .
A man in a blue shirt barbecues meat outside .
A woman sings in a club with a guitarist behind her .
A woman playing guitar in red and blue light
A girl with brown hair sitting on a lawn chair .
Five people standing in front of a body of water .
Two ladies play the violin and the guitar on the street to entertain the passer byes .
A young girl with goggles is floating in the pool .
Children participate in a game of tug-of-war .
Three teenagers in a subway playing around .
A brown dog is panting hard on grass during a sunny day .
People sitting in the grass outside a building , taking a break .
A shirtless man and three women walk outside near a street cafe .
Two young men are loading fruit unto a bicycle .
A muscular African-american man pan-handling using paint buckets as a musical instrument .
A woman working on a painting of a young woman on a wall with tan skin .
Two volleyball girls team both jumping for a double high-five
Young white male preparing food on the stove top .
A guy waterskiing behind a boat .
Picture of a hotdog vendor in the street .
A large group of people of various ages and genders sit outside together .
A blond-haired woman is pouring drinks at a bar .
A little boy in a light blue shirt playing outside with a toy crocodile .
A girl with bright red-hair and black clothes is posing on a tree trunk .
A teppanyaki chef prepares dinner for restaurant guests .
A girl jumping from one rock to another in a creek .
A male worker with his tool box is kneeling next to two women .
A gray-haired man is sitting down with his arm stretched out .
a child in a white karate outfit practicing a move
Three men in reflective vests doing yard work in a field .
A baby with a pink hat , held by a man in red and a woman in pink .
Many youth are gathered in a computer lab working at computers while wearing headphones .
A kid is crying because he got hurt while playing .
A girl in a black shirt is smiling as she works behind a bar .
A man using a bulldozer on a construction site .
A girl dressed in a red uniform is hitting a softball with a bat while a catcher and home plate umpire look on .
A man in a work uniform passing a tool to another person .
A group of people are hiking up an icy hillside .
A person wearing a blue hard hat working with rope .
Someone is doing a handstand on the top of an outdoor sculpture .
The boy is wearing a cardboard scuba mask at the restaurant .
A brown dog wades into a lake to retrieve a stick .
A mother teaches her two young boys to fish off of a rocky coast into very blue water .
A child in a striped shirt walks by some red chairs .
Two people ride a colorful bike while a blond woman takes their picture .
A black dog is swimming with a ball in his mouth .
A man is practicing his kicks on a punching bag in a gym .
Old woman in yellow holding tissue over young boys head .
A boy wearing a jean jacket with his hand on his chest smiling at the camera .
Two silhouetted people paddle a canoe on the ocean during sunset .
A man is standing in the window of a subway car as people walk past .
A man in a suit is straddling two pillars while holding a flame .
two brown dogs running through the snow .
A band on stage performing in front of a crowd .
A baby is laying on a pillow wearing Christmas pajamas .
The man is on a computer playing with sound effects .
A woman sitting with a great big smile .
Two men are having a conversation in a cathedral or mosque .
Four white dogs with muzzles jump over a red wall .
The woman with the blue shirt is holding a baby .
Two men sit in beach chairs in the shallows as one goes fishing .
A woman is measuring fabric with a wooden tool and by placing it directly on her fingers .
A boy watches his classmates play in a courtyard , looking from above .
A person in a black coat pulling a kid out of the road .
A girl holds something while three dogs beg .
a boy hangs out of a passing taxi cab window
A man in a gray shirt jumps over the top of a sand dune in the desert .
A boy wearing an orange shirt and brown shorts is jumping .
A worker in a yellow jacket is hoisted up high to work on a building .
A man in a blue jacket is standing in front of a small group of people .
A bald headed man is standing by the beer pumps at the bar .
A man is repelling down a cliff next to a lake .
A man in black is walking to his truck in the snow .
A small dog on a leash jumps toward a pink ball
Young , smiling , blond female police officer from New York standing outside on a sidewalk .
A man and three kids walk up a paved hill .
A worker in a yellow safety vest and goggles frowns .
Little Girl in brown shirt and blue jean skirt dances on wood floor .
A dog is walking through some gravel beside a river .
A man prepares his local stand for the days business .
A man in a red shirt is about to eat a taco .
A young woman in a fashionable tennis outfit between volleys .
A little boy squats while playing with a yellow plastic shovel .
A lady in a pink coat , black slacks , and brown shoes is sitting on a bench .
A man in a white shirt peers out a brown train .
The blond-haired woman with the black jacket is holding a white statue .
many children play in the water .
Two people riding bikes through a mountainous region .
A blond child jumping rope on a sidewalk .
A man with a blue helmet and orange shirt .
Young child and woman with glasses playing with toys on a red rug .
Older women and younger girl are opening presents up .
A woman with a camera on a tripod is smiling for another camera .
A little girl is sitting on a chair or couch with her head on the arm .
A black and brown dog running outside .
A dog chases another by a tree .
A brown dog pays no attention to a young woman dressed in black passing nearby .
Two men dressed in green are preparing food in a restaurant .
a man wearing leather pants , a leather vest and a cowboy hat is standing here .
A white dog with a blue collar runs while carrying a yellow toy .
Dog wearing a coat running in a snowy field .
A shaggy dog runs in front of three people on the beach .
A young mother is letting her child lick a wooden cooking spoon clean .
A woman looking at a piece of paper standing between two men .
A group of people push a boat away from the water onto the beach .
A man is reading the newspaper while drinking a glass of wine .
A man wearing a all black and playing a piano .
A young boy wearing a blue jersey and yellow shorts is playing soccer .
a man standing on a concrete platform with his arms wide open
A black dog is being squirted with a jet of water .
two women posing for a picture together outside
A man is sitting in a barber 's chair getting ready for a shave .
The little boy is jumping into a puddle on the street .
A man in blue overalls is sawing wood .
A man sits at a wooden table and looks away to a crowd of people .
A young boy in a team sweatshirt is in a sports stadium near blue seats swinging a red bat .
A man with glasses and a beard sitting in the grass .
Dogs with muzzles are racing around a sandy track .
A man with tattoo 's is reflecting light to a stage .
A German shepherd barking at another German shepherd in a forest .
A group of young people stand around waiting for something .
A brown dog is carrying a toy in its mouth .
A older man playing the accordion outside in the street .
A woman with brown hair and blue pants is sitting on a bench outside of a coffee shop .
A man is sitting outside playing music .
Two young boys playing a game on a log while other kids look on .
A man puts his motorcycle up on its rear wheel on a track .
A young woman with a purple cloth hiding her face relaxes on a wooden deck .
The woman in the brown shirt is sitting on a bright red bench .
A dog crossing a river on a bridge made of a fallen tree .
a young man wearing a white t-shirt and green and black shorts standing on a stump .
A group of people watching a performer on a sidewalk .
A man advertises with a giant sign tied onto his bicycle .
A man is throwing a big stick into the water so his two dogs and go fetch it .
Group of elders playing instruments under a tent by the water .
A crowd of people walking in the street of a city .
A young blond woman holds a white rope on a sunny day .
Two young men in blue holding a loudspeaker with one talking .
Black dog running while man looks on .
A cowboy is riding a bull on a rodeo and is having trouble staying upright .
Construction workers deal with removing railroad tracks .
A worker in a hard hat and orange vest is working .
Two construction workers with orange jackets are talking .
The people are walking up the ramp and the man in walking on the road .
A bride poses on a boardwalk while her bridal party stands behind her .
A young shaved head man is tuning his guitar .
Three kids throwing water balloons .
Three construction workers are mending pavement .
People chilling in at forest next to canoes .
A group of young female musicians are wearing black skirts and blue shirts .
A group of teenagers jumping and having a good time .
Two men is separate canoes are in an area full of lillypads .
Two workers spread cement onto a brick building .
A lady wearing a redish sweater and jeans is sitting with hands on her left knee
Two people putting on a show at the Renaissance fair .
The soldier looks out the window as he sits with his legs crossed .
A man in a yellow coat tends a fire , a boy in a parka watches .
A man and a child are at the water 's edge .
A boater pulls a weight on a rope out of the water .
Boy with red shoes looks through a viewer to see farther .
A little girl is jumping in a green landscape .
The people are sitting and mingling near the tent .
A guy with long hair , black shirt and white shorts about to play a drum .
A man selling items near the roadside to the great mountain of Canyon .
The girl in yellow is laughing at the girl wearing orange whilst being watched by the girl in blue .
A small dog jumps over a striped gate .
The brown dog is rolling around in the dirt .
Two brown dogs playing in a rough manner .
A man with a mustache and beard is holding a frying pan that has flames rising from it .
A man dressed in a colonial costume is smiling and holding up a bell .
A person holding a fishing pole next to the water .
Two dogs are nuzzling each other nose to nose .
Two men stop on the sidewalk to chat as a third passes by .
The restaurant worker looks outside of the door .
Parked cars with a school bus behind them .
Two blond women are wearing white I love beer shirts .
A girl is kayaking in a blue boat , on a blue lake wearing an orange life jacket .
Men and women strolling in the park on the sidewalk .
Three people are talking in front of an airport
Woman and child outside the front door of their scenic home .
Three friends at a cafe taking a photo-op .
A girl wearing camouflage pants sits on top of a Hummer .
a great Dane climbing a steep hill
Boy that is outside with a green bug sitting on his nose .
Man holding a stick while a dog jumps up to grab it
Passerby walk about in a busy Asian street .
Sand is kicked up as two animals run .
Bald , older man sits in gray stone area with bags , clapping hands .
A woman sitting with a guitar talking to a man sitting with an umbrella .
One young man is looking at coffee makers in a store .
A crowd is gathered in a large outdoor public space .
A young dark-skinned fellow poses for a picture in front of a car covered with flowers .
A woman talking to four little children outside .
Two men are having a discussion after a wedding .
A young woman sweeping with a straw broom .
A brunette female wearing a gray hat is near a cluster of rocks by the bay .
The black dog is running on the grass with a toy in its mouth .
A skateboard is grinding on a curb with his skateboard .
Little boy in red pants , no shirt , picking his teeth .
A woman stands in the doorway of a room filled with open umbrellas in this slanted photo .
Musicians play guitar and brass instruments underneath a white roof .
A man in an orange jumpsuit and hard hat stands in front of a large reel of blue hose .
Two young girls with fishing poles and a man displaying a fish they caught .
Man in red shirt watches dog on an agility course .
A man in a red swimsuit doing a back dive into blue waters .
An Asian woman fixing her hair and makeup .
A woman and three children are playing with various toys from a toy box .
A dog hurdles over a series of poles .
A man in a green shirt playing the trombone .
Seated man with red hat and green shirt is talking on the phone .
A group of children sit on a blue mat while they eat out of bowls .
The boy sits in the sand with no shirt .
A small dog watches two big dogs playing rough in a field .
It looks like a school with children sitting outside of it .
Two small dogs pursuing a ball across a grassy field .
A young child in a swing wearing a skull and crossbones shirt .
One man and two women having a discussion over white wine
An Asian man is cooking food outdoors .
A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee .
A musical concert with a crowd cheering to the band on stage .
A little boy is standing by a sand castle .
Two little girls and one little boy are running on the grass .
A man creates a sculpture with a hammer and chisel .
A mountain biker rides up a hill on a red bicycle .
Young boy running in the dirt with a small handheld shovel .
A woman in an orange windbreaker waits with a woman in a navy blue shirt for the bus .
A boy skateboards on a cement wall .
A man in black pants and a white shirt chopping bamboo with a sword .
Woman selling bags of fruit on a sidewalk .
Players in yellow jerseys are on the field .
A child in a blue shirt jumping off a bench .
A female soccer player in a yellow uniform in a soccer field .
Young people in sombreros enjoy shots and drinks .
A boy performs a trick on his skateboard on a rail .
A small boy jumps from a bunk bed onto a single bed .
Two people wearing odd alien-like costumes , one blue and one purple , are standing in a road .
Man in a blue shirt and red shorts running .
An Asian woman in a white shirt working with machinery giving the peace sign .
A man that appears to be running in a marathon gives us 2 thumbs up .
A group of basketball players wearing yellow and green reach for a ball .
a football player wearing an orange jersey holding a football
Two skateboarders wearing helmets are going around a turn .
Fans of a football team look out onto the field .
A girl is in a field surrounded by trees and pushing a pink scooter on the grass .
A small child jumping rope as other children clap their hands over their heads nearby .
Two people are walking past a girl who is in a card board box on a sidewalk .
A brown dog runs down the sandy beach .
A woman with long hair is talking to two men in uniform .
Several people are dressed in Indian clothes .
The biker carries his bike over the obstacle .
Two people smile while sitting on chairs in a yard .
A bunch of kids are riding on a little train .
A surfer in a blue swimsuit is riding the waves .
Two children are playing , one is jumping in the air .
Two soccer opponents run and fight for the soocerball on a grassy field .
People are walking on a paved slope surrounded by Chinese vendors .
A young boy wearing white pants is jumping off the couch .
A young boy is dumping a bag of Lego 's onto a glass table .
A small group of people meeting together at a tree by water .
Three democrat supporters hold signs for an election .
A police officer is lighting a cigarette .
Two men in hats pose together .
A boy leaping in the air towards a soccer ball .
A child is taking a picture with a gray winter cap on their head b
A redheaded man with a beard and glasses is playing the guitar .
A man eating a sandwich with his baby daughter in his lap .
A small black child is holding up a poster among many other children .
Many people stand in a line while a person in white talks on a megaphone .
A man in uniform talks into a microphone to a group of people in various costumes .
A bunch of people are in a club dancing .
A girl in white and a girl in green walk past a blue car wash station .
A DJ in a club , adjusting levels on his mixing board .
A person is surfing under a large wave .
An army man kneeling down next to metal structure .
A man and woman wearing wedding clothes are kissing .
Riot police are standing in the background while a young man with a red scarf covering his face is walking .
A black and white dog running through an obstacle course
A woman sitting on her couch , by the front windows , reading a book .
Kids watch silently from behind a concert barrier .
a man is climbing a cliff with his feet on a brown metal plate
A teenage boy is stretching in the kitchen and you can see part of his stomach .
Two men , wearing black shirts , are playing the drums in a very urban area .
Three workers bent over pulling grass .
A man and a woman read a book while their friend has a drink .
Three children 's legs are shown as they stand near a mess of silly string .
a restaurant cook getting ready to prepare a chicken to cook
A march to protest the construction of a coal power plant .
The teen jumps the hill with his bicycle .
A little dark-haired girl runs on the beach .
white bird sitting in water spreading its wings
A semi trailer is inside a building , and people are gathered behind its open rear door where there are displays being set up .
A woman with a tissue cleans the face of an infant .
A goalie stands in front of the goal at a hockey game .
A man carrying a bag gesticulates at the photographer while walking in front of a large advertisement .
Three boys all wearing green shirts are climbing on a slide .
A man is dressed in a costume in front of several goats .
The wet brown dog is running in the water .
People marching on the grass in yellow shirts carrying drums
A group of children playing in a yard , a man in the background .
Five musicians , of varying ages , play together in a living room .
A young girl in a purple dress throws a tantrum .
A unclothed man with gray hair is shaving his face .
three black dogs and a white dog are standing in the snow .
Basketball players try to block a ball from going into the goal .
An old black man sitting in front of a white and blue shack .
A man in a banana custom is carrying four children on his back .
A dog jumping over a puddle on the beach
A large group of people standing near a big fountain as it rains .
several men standing near a black concrete wall .
The dog walking through the snow is licking his nose .
Three men playing professional soccer while many people in the stands watching
A woman in a black shirt is sitting at a table getting ready to knit .
Ballet dancers on toe wear golden long dresses and hold golden flags .
Man wearing black playing a very large guitar-like instrument .
A female soccer player dressed in black .
A kid crosscountry skis wearing the number " 93 " .
Two people are constructing a child 's puzzle game .
A man is taking a video of another man while a few others look on .
The person is bicycling on the street at nighttime .
A man rides a kicking bull in a bullpen .
A child jumping on a tennis court .
Two children climb a rock wall as two people watch carefully .
People are walking across a school campus .
Little girl kicks black object at karate class .
Two men climb onto tires while sitting in the muddy water .
two men dancing on a checkerboard in front of a crowd
A woman with long curly hair is standing at a podium and speaking .
A laughing woman is sitting on a patterned couch .
A dirt floor gets swept by one white and one black woman .
A deer jumping over a fence .
Three dogs play with each other out in the field .
Two kids run through gray sand .
A little boy chases ducks through the leaves .
A group of people stands by their dogs in a field .
A tour group is standing on the grass with ruins in the background .
an asian girl looking surprised in front of a brick window
People filling a large black container with water .
Young man in warm coat outside storefront .
A flock of birds fly away with food in their beaks .
Two men ride through farm land as they guide their mule powered trailer .
Two people stand at the peak of a mountain .
Young girl enjoying herself as she makes a snow angel .
3 guys ham it up in front of the camera .
A boy with a pencil behind his ear writes on a chalkboard .
A man in a black shirt sitting at a table with an open Apple laptop in front of him .
A man and three women with backpacks , sitting on a mountain .
A skateboarder does a kickflip along the train tracks .
A man in a orange shirt and white shorts playing tennis .
Two dogs are on a white carpet with one of the dogs showing its fangs .
A little boy in a striped shirt and jeans is running .
A guy bending over checking under some stage lights .
Men in cowboy hats stand around at a rodeo .
Two dogs , one holding something in its mouth , in the snow .
A woman in a red and white striped turtleneck sipping from a cup .
A beige dog runs behind a white dog holding a yellow toy .
Two people in hockey uniforms on the ice .
A man in a white shirt has his mouth open and is adjusting dials .
a black horse sticking its head through a fence trying to reach the grass .
An homeless man is rubbing his hands together trying to keep warm .
A woman in brown and a man in gray look at the camera .
A water play table in which a game can be played .
A black-and-white dog goes for a flattened ball on the snow .
Little girl in kitchen , kissing a fluffy orange cat .
The boy and girl are playing on the outdoor gym .
A tennis player holds one hand to his mouth and the other holds a racket .
A boy in a red swimsuit jumps into the water to join two people .
A boy in a red coat holds a huge ball of snow .
Two officers with orange jackets stand outside a white tent with onlookers .
Two men are wearing their jackets outside .
Two man sit and chat on a stone lanai surrounded by plants .
A young girl has lifted her friend and is carrying her in her arms .
A black dog looks up at a white ball that 's in midair .
A couple kissing in front of a black Mercedes Benz limousine
A woman playing volleyball at the beach .
two small dogs growling at each other in a dirtbed
A dog jumps over a hurdle at a competition .
A man wearing a white and blue striped shirt stands outside .
A young blond girl holds a smaller blond boy in her lap outdoors .
A cowboy is bucked off a steer while other men watch from the stands .
Little kids are playing a game of tug-of-war .
A person riding a bike sideways through a dirt path .
two East Asian women sitting outdoors behind a cow-like animal
The man helps the boy ride a bike .
A kid is holding a broom and sweeping his property .
A black mother and five children in a rural area
A Japanese man plays a flute from sheet music beside a tree lines river .
Two women sitting at a table with their hands together .
A panting brown dog walking on the grass .
A woman in a baseball uniform tags another with her mitt .
A white woman holding a donation check for " Kids Food Basket . "
Two dogs walking through grass with the white one carrying a yellow ball in mouth .
There is a man , woman and two boys sitting on a bench .
A woman is blowing the seeds from a dandelion .
Five people gather around a pile of potatoes and collect some to put into bags .
People gathered on a sidewalk listening to a man play an instrument .
Man holds his face in his palm sitting on a bench .
Older man riding public transportation while reading a newspaper .
An older man in glasses is preparing meat .
A man demonstrates how to ride a bicycle with only the back wheel on the ground .
An older man wearing a hat is building a sand-castle on a public beach .
multiple people in a park eating at a picnic table
Two women ascend a telephone pole with special boots and straps on their waists .
A cowboy in a rodeo trying to beat the 8 second clock .
A dog is jumping through a fiery obstacle .
A plump woman with a pink shirt and black hair is applying red lipstick to her lips .
A man fixing a little girl 's bicycle .
Two girls in puffy skirts are dancing in front of some musicians in the street .
A dog in water holds a stick in its mouth .
A girl in a sweater is blocking the suns rays .
A band is playing to a cheering crowd .
Girls in bright costumes holding little signs that say Iove you .
A brown dog is digging in the dirt .
Little boy playing tennis with a black and yellow racket .
Two dogs run down a dirt path in the forest .
A little girl is getting splashed by water .
A man is presenting a certificate to three young sumo wrestlers .
Some nature hikers stop to examine a log along the path .
three rugby players in black strips are pulling the player in red to the ground .
Two boys crossing a street with a red ball .
one man in a hat flips over another man back in the grass .
White dog standing on rock in front of blue sky
a young man wearing a blue shirt skateboarding on a graffitied wall
A man is playing the piano while standing .
3 Olympic winners posing for a photo on an advertised background
Two formally dressed , bald older women
A young boy is hanging onto a clothing rack .
A little girl wearing pink is holding on to a bar .
A green motorcycle is being jumped over a line of ten green motorcycles .
A woman and three kids play at a park .
Four people are playing soccer on a beach .
The girl is hugging another girl with a helmet .
Two dogs running and jumping through a snowy area .
A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard .
A table full of pictures in frames , at an outdoor market .
A man and a woman are sitting at a small metal table .
Shirtless men with leather vests are smiling .
A child is laying on a beige rug laughing .
A couple is sitting down smiling , with the woman linking arms with the man .
Two girls playing in mud in a small pool .
Man in shorts and t-shirt walking and holding a drink in front of an archway .
Two people silhouetted against a lake at sunset .
The bride and groom are getting served a drink at their wedding reception .
Two woman , one in red and the other in blue , race each other on rollerblades .
Two adults and two children pose on a pile of rocks .
Four motorcycle racers are on a dirt track .
A mountain biker rides through a shady trail .
A man in a green shirt is walking on the beach carrying his sneakers .
Three men standing around a car on a racetrack .
Two mechanics are fixing a racing white car .
A woman and three children are jumping into a swimming pool .
A man on the edge of a wall about to fall off .
A woman on a bicycle stops for a moment to converse .
A girl dressed in black is posing for the camera .
A man is working on his wooden boat .
Four black men are sitting on the steps of a church .
A damaged building has a an excavator in front of it .
A female gymnast holds herself vertically above uneven bars .
An old woman is selling produce at a farmer 's market .
Two men working in a small factory .
A middle-aged woman wearing a white shirt talking as she shows a small child in yellow how the toys work .
A young child sleeping in her bed with an open book on her chest .
A woman is getting ready to eat on the side of a road .
A man walks down an alley between cream colored houses .
A woman wearing a black hat grinds flour using two stones .
A black woman with a child on her back is standing in a field holding onto a pole .
A man in a martial arts outfit with a blue belt is practicing martial arts .
A man in formal attire plays a piano on the sidewalk of a city street .
An elderly man with a camouflage hat and plaid jacket sitting in a chair .
A woman in a white shirt works behind the counter at a cafe .
A man dressed in a reflective vest is pulling cabling out of a truck .
Two children feeding horses through a fence .
A man is seen through the window that has intricate detail .
There is a lady in a pink coat standing on street with a comical surprised look on her face .
A cowboy in a rodeo puts a bandage on his forearm , getting ready for his ride .
Two older men are standing outside talking .
An Asian woman and her two children sit at a table doing crafts .
A woman is jumping as she attempts to hit a tennis ball .
A man stands with his arms out inside a large green piece of equipment .
Two friends happily cheer each other at a restaurant .
A baker lines up his pretzel racks as he prepares to board them on the back of the truck .
A man in a black jacket plays the guitar out in public .
A group of men in white shirts perform in a parade .
A person is standing on jagged rocks above the water below .
Police officer watching woman exit from bus .
Security officers are standing near a sporting event tent .
A man and woman watching a sports event in a stadium .
A group of men in blue uniforms are standing together .
A young lady doing yoga on the beach .
A group of people standing on a sidewalk under some trees .
A man in a striped shirt makes a blue balloon animal .
A man grilling meat on an outdoor grilling pit .
There are two men standing beside a market of fruits and vegetables .
A woman is standing in a bikini serving a man a drink .
A boy with sunglasses running in some brush in front of an event .
A man with a mustache prepares to hammer a nail into a piece of tree .
A young man is using gloves to control a device with wires in it .
Two elderly men converse in an run-down building .
A girl dressed up in a red dress and a hat with long brown hair .
The number 3 soccer player in a red jersey holding a yellow ball at the side line .
A climber is making his way up a snowy mountainside .
Marathon runners are cheered on by thousands .
Three people are sitting at a counter using laptop computers .
A DJ wearing headphones and mixing some music .
a man is carrying a load of fruit through his crops .
A photo is taken of a mirror reflection of a cafe .
A muslim woman holding balloons at an islamic event
A woman watching over her two bunnies and curious cat .
A woman sitting against a brick wall inside a building .
A plat is sitting on the floor next to a blond girl .
A woman wearing blue and red walks through a rustic urban area .
Six children are sitting around taking notes together .
A dog happily plays in tidal overflow on a cloudy day .
Three small puppies bite and play together in the grass .
A boy in a helmet and red tracksuit poses on a motorbike .
6 people are gathered around to eat a big dinner .
Santa Claus being photographed at a holiday media event .
A group of protesters supporting military families .
Person in checkered shirt and red pants riding a motorbike down a road .
Four men doing a martial arts stance in front of onlookers .
A young lady and man dressed in warriors costume wielding sticks with a group of people in the background .
The partially obscured car is visible to the man in uniform .
Girl rock climbing on the rock wall .
Older man in a teal fleece jacket working on a car .
Several people are sitting at a table looking at colored index cards .
A man plays a guitar while singing into a microphone .
Two men sit at a diner , one reading a newspaper , the other smoking a cigarette .
Two women in shorts run down a beach along the water .
Several workmen in safety vests are having a conversation .
A man in a white hat and a woman in a light blue jacket have stopped on a busy street to look at something .
three young kids enjoying them self at the community park
A little girl wearing a navy skirt is climbing on some silver poles .
A group of asian sitting and eating in the middle of a market .
A man dressed in yellow is speaking on the microphone .
A brown dog running to catch a Frisbee in a field of grass .
A young Asian man is jumping in the air , striking a martial arts pose .
Two young females talk and text as they stare into the distance .
A child lays in the snow next to his sled , raising his hand in the air .
A girl in a gray shirt and brown hair relaxes on the lawn as dogs bound around her .
A band performing and entertaining on stage at a Valentine 's Day event .
Woman standing barefoot near a small hut and filling a jug with liquid .
A man and woman dancing the tango in ballroom attire .
Three dogs playing in a field , one with a ball in its mouth .
An old man with a long beard and jean jacket sits on a park bench .
A large group of Africans are having their picture taken in a clearing in a jungle .
A little girl reaches over to brush a goat .
Asian people sitting at a restaurant with yellow chairs .
A little girl with blond-hair is eating a cookie in a highchair .
A gray-haired man wearing black gloves is moving the lawn .
A student reads a book while others enjoy art photography in a gallery .
Young Asian girl on mothers shoulders claps her hands .
A man sits on a fence while a group of people walks on the sidewalk in front of him .
A cat is looking down from on top of a sign .
A man in a pink shirt and black jacket with headphones on .
A guy playing with the ball on the field .
A couple is walking around an architectural building .
A woman with pink hair square next to her pink dogs to take a picture .
A male in a suit holding a beverage in a cup walking down the sidewalk , next to a city bus .
Man in khaki pants does elaborate kick in desert
A woman in the red jacket is holding two multicolored ribbons .
A woman is sitting on a bench next to a person in a wheelchair .
A man in white apron and blue shirt is cooking eggs outside for a woman in a tan coat .
A woman wearing jeans and a blue shirt is standing next to a street post and is holding a white bag .
People walking down the street in a city .
Several street vehicles pass by a traditional architecture style of Thailand .
The large round sculpture is surrounded by a brick plaza .
Young man carrying boxes of beer down the street .
A middle-aged man is sitting down and playing the accordion .
Girl with green arm band , hair ties , and earrings stands outside .
A young girl in a pink shirt is on a beach running toward the ocean .
A young man rides a skateboard down a town road with a yellow railing behind him .
A man in a jacket is taking a photograph of a large building .
A group of people stand , talking at a soccer game .
A family hurries across the street in a big city .
Three people walk past a tourist attraction behind a wrought iron fence .
Man walking , smoking a cigarette on urban street wiping his nose while passing by a newsstand .
Three people are pictured walking down and alleyway .
A baseball player swinging at a ball while fans and the other team watch .
Woman in a gold jacket walking on a New York subway platform .
People sitting on benches in between trees .
A man in a business suit sitting at a bus stop waiting for a bus .
A homeless man holding a sign surrounded by buckets and crates .
A woman in an apron drinking a coffee drink and eating a cookie .
A man in a suit and hat is playing the guitar on the street .
A woman in a brown vest is working on the computer .
Some people standing around a smoke pit thing .
A short-haired man adjusting his tie with the help of the mirror in his hotel room .
There are musicians performing fro a small group of people .
Two men are sitting in a horse drawn cart with potatoes in the back .
a blond woman walking down the sidewalk in a cheetah dress .
A man touches his back pocket as a blond woman behind the counter of a convenience store looks at him .
A man in a white shirt is driving a tractor and dumping a load of sand .
A baby girl looking at a black and white cat while holding a toy .
A girl is walking among trees and carrying a guitar .
A man is wearing a black backpack and carrying a brown bag .
Two men are having a conversation in front of a souvenir shop in Rome .
A blond woman in a black shirt standing in a kitchen .
Some young adults are sitting outside on a patio talking .
A man on a bike that is doing a trick .
A woman with long blond-hair walks in front of a parked white car .
Three girls in jackets walking on the sidewalk talking to each other .
Girl graduating from college with flower necklace on .
A male is riding a skateboard on a road while another male sits and watches from the curb .
A man in leather jacket is standing next to a 9-11 conspiracy theory sign .
A male and female singing a song together outside .
A curly-haired child is blowing away dandelion seeds while laying in a field of lush green grass .
A female soccer team wearing green , black and white uniforms is stretching before a game .
A woman leans against a man surrounded by yellow caution tape .
A bald man in a monastery with pigeons and brightly colored hangings .
Ball players with white on in a field playing a game .
Three people stand underneath and umbrella in front of a crowd of people .
Young man with a cigarette placing food on a paper plate .
A group of people standing in a lake .
People sitting on concrete benches and walking , with a headless mannequin next to a lamp .
Four workmen removing debris , from a hole in the ground .
A shirtless young man in black shorts stands on the rocks staring at the water .
A man in uniform is standing in front of a large building .
a group of people stand around a pool table holding pool stick one is wearing a black and white striped dress .
Group of people near a water fountain and a city skyline .
Man and woman having a serious conversation outside .
middle-aged man in white shorts and flip-flops looking up the road
Two men standing in front of the bean in Chicago .
This man and women lost something and is looking for it .
A man and woman wait to cross a busy street in the city .
Three firefighter come out of subway station .
Four men sit cross legged on top of a blue , yellow , and white rug , smiling at the camera .
A crowd of people gathered in a public place outdoors sitting at picnic tables .
A street corner with stores and two men walking the sidewalk .
The doctors are involved in an operation .
An older man with a cigarette in his mouth and a ball cap inspects his camera .
A musical street quartet performs with a guitar case set out for donations .
A homely looking woman is doing a dance .
Two people are staring at a river at night next to a statue of a man .
A person is riding their motorcycle and are shown as the motorcycle jumps into the air .
A group of people outside in orange t-shirts under a De Koninck tent .
Two children play on the street outside an old building .
Two individual climbing up a steep mountain .
A child is laying on the ground next to a stroller .
Two people eating at an outside table with their dog .
Men in casual attire browsing an outdoor fish market .
Two young men play electric guitars on stage .
A tattooed man on a stage pours beer into another man 's mouth .
Two people are standing around in front of an inflated blob machine .
Four people are riding bicycles on a bike path near a busy street .
An older woman is standing wearing a pink shirt and a hat .
A person in red with their hand raised and fingers stressed .
A skinny boy with black hair and white shorts is jumping into a body of water .
A child looks through a binocular station near the beach .
A man in a reflective vest stands in a hole in the ground .
a man standing on a street waiting to cross the road
A group of men protesting with signs that say ; " PM construction services . "
a man riding a running horse with some other men doing the same behind him .
An African American man walking down the street .
Two nuns are posing for a picture .
The girl is in a coffee shop and listening to music .
A woman in a green-patterned shirt is talking on a cellphone .
A small African child carries a younger child on his back .
A storefront with a sign written in chinese .
A person with a purple head covering and purple shirt is standing outside a restaurant .
A person in a red shirt squats down in the street .
A black and a brown dog are running toward the camera .
A man tests model airplanes in an open field .
A man is looking at a small plane flying in the air .
People wait on a mass transit platform while a train speeds by .
A boy with a red shirt walking on a sidewalk holding American flags .
A black dog runs along the green grass carrying a toy in its mouth .
An Oriental traveler awaits his turn at the currency exchange .
A light brown dog is chasing after a ball .
A woman is standing and talking to a group of children .
Two people on motorbikes are riding past construction .
There is a boardwalk by a body of water ; a man bicycles by .
People sitting and waving in a mini Pullman train .
A man sitting on a statue outdoors , near a woman standing next to him .
A boat with red , white and blue sails docking at a pier .
A man wearing a black hat taking a photo in a busy street .
A man is standing on a busy street looking with his head tilted up .
Two women , one with a child on her shoulders , are walking against a wall along the side of a road .
A train stop with a band including a tuba and drum .
A fallen dirt biker is aided by another .
Three people are hiking down a long gravel trail with scenic green hills behind them .
Asian men waiting in line many with earphones in their ears .
A woman walking past a wall of green and pink graffiti .
A rhythmic gymnast in a blue and pink outfit performs a ribbon routine .
A group of children play in a public fountain while others sit where it is dryer .
A person is sitting comfortably on a bench in a park .
Three men in red striped shirts carry flags outside of a brick building .
An Asian couple look up at an elaborate memorial .
People are walking through a shopping center .
Three people are outside walking up a set of wooden stairs .
Small boy in blue with a bright red ball walking near four bare trees .
A young man in a green shirt is making a purchase at a store .
An older man in a tropical shirt plays a drum .
a group of people all joking around
An adult Asian male instructs a group of Asian children .
Four middle-aged men stand behind a fence in the midst of a forest .
A woman in a purple bikini sunbathes on a towel beside water .
A small black and white dog is followed by a larger dog in a grassy yard .
The ladies who went shopping are walking past the restaurant .
The African American man protests against unlawful sex .
A motorcycle cop is getting ready to turn onto a new road .
Eight men gathered around a table at night .
A group of people in semi-formal attire meet outside .
Woman talking to friend while walking dog outside on a sunny day .
a young man wearing a gray and black shirt and a white headband
A guy wearing an orange vest sitting on a red motorcycle on the street .
A group of men and women in military uniform .
Three young women smiling while the lady with the red-hair makes a peace gesture .
Two women talking to one another while a man looks on .
A red-haired young man drinks from a water fountain shaped like a woman .
Two guys and a girl walking together in a busy street .
A middle-aged man with red-hair and glasses holding an infant .
A little boy in a red hat riding a horse .
Two boys are playing on the sidewalk .
A young girl in a swimsuit stands silently on a small beach .
Old man wearing a hat and coat sleeping sitting up on a sofa .
Two boys in long-sleeve shirts are reaching and staring upward .
A man and women sitting on the floor and the guy is having a drink .
A group of Asian students in their uniforms .
Three people are sitting at an outdoor table in front of a coffee shop .
A man is doing a somersault wearing a black shirt and red sweatbands .
A man is walking down the street next to a colorful wall .
Two men walking , one of which is looking back and the other looking directly ahead .
There is a man poking a long stick up towards the ceiling .
A group of people walking up stairs surrounded by buildings covered in graffiti .
people are walking through a vegetable stall filled market .
The picture shows several people eating at outdoor tables .
The girl with a shaved head is walking outside on the sidewalk .
An Asian family travels in a motorized car on a busy street in a city .
man in turquoise shirt reading new paper in a newsstand .
A blond boy is sitting in a stroller holding a Korean language book .
Two small children sitting on a bench while eating ice cream .
A group of people ride bicycles on a large city street .
A man in a blue shirt speaking on a loudspeaker to a large group of people on bicycles .
A man on a cart encourages his mule to keep pulling .
A man on a bicycle pedals through an archway .
A kid with his head shaved sitting and holding a lit cigarette .
Two men in suits standing under an umbrella , next to a wall covered in graffiti .
Old man riding a bicycle while a black Honda SUV drives by in the background .
On horseback a man attempts to rope a young bull .
A cowboy is attempting to lasso a calf while riding a horse .
Two people are riding bikes in front of a vast mountain range .
a man looking for something in a shopping bag .
A man in an electric scooter and bare feet is looking into a crowd of people .
Somebody took a photo of a girl with long black hair taking a photo .
A man in a black shirt and jeans standing on the sidewalk looking at the camera .
Two people consult a map on the interior of a traffic circle .
Several people in blue scrubs and one in a skirt and black blouse .
A woman and a dog sit on a white bench near a beach .
People are walking on the front grounds of a large building .
Men hard hats and safety harnesses walk down the street as part of a march .
A woman wearing black pants and black jacket is holding a pair of glasses .
Several elderly men are grouped around a table .
A man and a woman walking past a brick wall , covered in graffiti .
A man wearing red gloves is holding a red basket .
A woman working on her computer in front of a bright yellow wall .
An aerial view of a man sitting at a desktop computer .
An elderly man sitting outside on a chair with a guitar next to him .
Two workers in sunhats are bent over in a rice paddy .
A woman doing a high jump at an Olympic meet .
A man riding a horse as it jumps into the air while an audience watches .
Two girls enjoy corn on the cob while sitting on a curb .
A football player is being tackled by members of the opposing team .
An older woman smiling as she holds a young girl with a gleeful smile and a dirty face .
A man smiles for the camera as he watches his friend work on a television beside him .
Two people , one with a white head covering , sit in the sand under a tree .
A young boy wearing a blue cap looking through a telescope .
A man cooks with a pot on the stove in the kitchen , two other men observe .
A small child wears skis on a ski hill .
Black women in bright skirts and tops are dancing .
A dude is wearing gloves while doing laundry .
A young girl is sitting backwards on a chair , looking over the back of it .
Two workers weld the bars of a fence near a busy suburban street .
A young man hits a spectacular pose on a rail midair on his skateboard .
Two workers and clearing a busy street of snow .
A middle-aged guitar player is on stage playing a white electric guitar .
Three young girls in winter coats and hats inspect cameras .
A young boy jumps off of a wooden dock and into the water .
A person wearing glasses is prepped for some kind of dental work .
A person in an orange jacket jumping in the air in the snow .
A little blond girl splashing in a mud puddle .
A person rides up a narrow street on a bike , past a spray-painted sign of a hand giving the peace sign .
A young gymnast performs for an audience .
City street with ice cream vendor and some people walking a man riding a motorcycle .
A man and his donkey stand along a sidewalk .
Two little girls ride a bike together down a dusty road .
Two soccer players going head-to-head for a soccer ball .
A photographer taking a picture of a man jumping down the stairs .
A girl is drinking from a drinking fountain .
Mountain climber safely lands in the water .
A man in a lab coat is looking through a microscope .
A little girl in a sweater is laying down on a couch sleeping .
A person is sweeping off a sidewalk in an urban area .
This man is looking intently at the concoction he is stirring .
Under sunny skies , a worker helps in the framing of new building .
Two little girls in pink hats hold hands while wading in water .
Four Asian kids sit on a bench and wave and smile to the camera .
A group of kids on their bicycles smiling at the photographer on a dirt trail .
Young boy wearing apron standing on step stool cutting meat with butter knife .
A clown takes the time to greet children attending a performance .
An older man in nautical gear smilingly turns a ship wheel .
A man operating a large yellow bulldozer .
A woman is riding her horse over dirt ground with tall trees in the background .
a woman sitting on a very large rock smiling at the camera with trees in the background .
Three men are dressed in strange costumes , two are carrying musical instruments .
A little girl plays in a blow up pool .
Two children , a girl and a boy , are swinging on a swing set .
A man throws a net off of a boat while children watch .
A person in a bright yellow vest and hard hat is standing by the railroad tracks .
Two construction workmen wearing hard hats work on a window .
A rock band is performing in a concert hall with hexagonal roof panels .
A punk looking gentleman with ear piercings , a mohawk , and tattoos playing the drums and singing .
Two hispanic women and one man unpacking their cart at the grocery store .
A man with a cowboy hat , cane and suspenders walks down a country road .
An older lady uses a Stair Climber in non-work out clothes .
A girl wearing a mask rides on a man 's shoulders through a crowded sidewalk .
Two young ballerinas pose before a sign reading " babys " .
Four Asian women performing a dance in traditional , Oriental attire , outside a church with onlookers watching .
A man talks on a cellphone while walking through an empty alley .
A child dressed as a monkey walks in front of a woman playing with finger puppets .
A crowd of people on the street gathering to watch several young men put on a show .
A girl with normal and improvised safety gear rollerblades .
A man is observing a small white motor vehicle perpendicular on the tracks against a large blue and gray train .
Two rockers are singing and playing on a dark stage .
A young girl is stranded in front of a large rock in the middle of a river .
Two guitarist are preparing for a show on stage in front of a waiting crowd
A group of people dancing and a couple engaging in a kiss .
Woman and dog selling her wares on the old building steps outside .
Two men and a woman standing in a circle having a conversation .
A group of men in matching red and black outfits ride in a line on their motorcycles .
A man wearing a number 3 jersey is about to kick a soccer ball .
A vendor in a yellow shirt and black cap presents his wares at a baseball game .
Two rugby teams , one in green and white uniforms , the other in black , are engaged in a scrum .
A young boy is kicking a soccer ball away from 3 opponents .
A woman with a blue shirt and colorful hair has just thrown the bowling ball .
Soccer players in blue and white fight for the ball in midair .
A boy in a gray striped shirt sitting on stairs with a skateboard .
A lady dressed in blue running a marathon .
A Choir wearing all black performing on a stage .
A football player from Iowa State blocks a player from Texas A&M from taking the football from him .
A few men are playing some sort of game on what appears to be a hockey court .
Two dirty guys playing soccer in the grass with players in the background .
A basketball player in white squats while a player in red moves toward him .
Men , women and children walking up and down a street .
Two cars are racing on a track while the audience watches from behind a fence .
A football player in a white jersey readies himself to make a long throw .
A blond toddler is shown in closeup chewing on a popsicle stick .
A woman and a little girl turning a corner on a city street .
Two hockey players trying to score in their opponents goal .
Spectators laugh as three people ride exercise balls down a field .
A kid in a black shirt on a tennis court running with a dark green background .
An old man with glasses hugs a young woman at a gathering of quite a few people .
Family trying to be polite as street magician in trendy Merrell shoes approaches them .
A very young boy wearing a green long-sleeve shirt is laying on a bed at a store .
A cyclist checking his gear for his sunset bike ride .
A female skier holding two ski poles wearing a white knit hat .
Four girls and a lady learning how to do some crafts .
A rodeo scene with a big crowd watching three men being thrown from bucking broncos .
A man with a beard checks his cellphone while a lady looks on .
A smiling young girl swimming in a lake or river that has murky water .
Two young boys pose with a puppy for a family picture .
There are several kids practicing in a taekwondo class .
A man lounging in a red sectional sofa in home store .
There are tables full of people with paperwork who are discussing things .
A jockey wearing a red and blue outfit is staring down a racetrack riding a gray horse .
Hatchback red car racing around the track ahead of two trailing pray .
A man is running towards another man who is being attacked by a bucking bull .
A man in a bathing suit stands near a yellow kayak .
A boy at a gun range aims and shoots .
The team of men are playing a game in the sand .
Two young boys stand on a low cement wall facing each other in a marshy area .
A woman in a yellow shirt is hand-decorating a vase on a green turntable .
Africans walking down a crowded alley during the day .
A right-handed pitcher for the Saints is throwing a pitch .
Two men , both with hats on , are playing volleyball on a beach .
A fisherman is handling a net on a small boat near a dock .
The feet are shown of a person who just fell off of their surfboard .
A syringe filled with vegetables is being compressed into a liquid .
Two men are jumping and colliding in the air while two other men look on .
A boy in a blue jersey kicks a soccer ball into the head of a boy in an orange jersey .
A person with an umbrella is crossing a street using a crosswalk .
A group of runners are running towards two identical skyscrapers .
A man with long hair is skateboarding in a skate park surrounded by houses .
There is a goalie in a swimming pool blocking the ball .
A man gets a kiss on the cheek .
A man in a striped polo is signing autographs for children at a convention .
A man in a blue shirt and jeans grinds down a rail on his skateboard .
Some type of snack food being eaten at what appears to be a railroad site .
Man wearing red uniform holding a black hat in the air with his right hand .
Two cars are driving on a racetrack .
A man wearing a blue and white uniform clutching two yellow ski handles .
Two people are laying down and kissing on a grassy lawn .
A young boy in a blue hat and bib eating a green apple .
Football players are celebrating as an opposing team member watches .
A man in a black jacket and checkered hat wearing black and white striped pants plays an electric guitar on a stage with a singer and another guitar player in the background .
A man in white jumps away from a bull in a bull-fighting ring .
The young lady is hitting her tennis ball on the field .
Two upright bass players performing as a part of an orchestra .
A man carrying a large stack of metal poles over his shoulder .
A seated woman with short hair and a camera throws a Frisbee to a brown dog .
Two people , a man and a woman , are looking at a structure being burned down .
A girl in a long pink jacket reaching into a pool of water filled with change .
A wet , smiling child without a shirt poses with arms raised .
A man in a white martial arts robe attempts to submit his opponent wearing a blue robe .
A woman in a serving motion playing beach volleyball .
Orange striped kitten biting blond girl on the nose
An asian woman demonstrating cooking with margarine in a public place
Two children in a meadow standing on a little rock bridge over a creek .
Two Black women in a brown motorcycle amidst many other motorcycles with the woman in the rear giving a smile to the camera .
Two guys getting a drink at a store counter .
Against a backdrop of scenic snowcapped mountains , a bike rider appears .
A woman with body art takes a picture of art that is up for display .
Female bicyclist wearing black and red bicycle shorts and top and wearing white helmet .
A line of bicyclists in a race rode past interested spectators a mere few feet away .
Football players tackle a member of the opposing team on a water drenched field .
Two American football players in blue are tackling a football player in red .
A player either fielding a high pass or going up for a shot while being defended on the basketball court .
A man is talking on his cellphone across the street from a cafe .
Professional baseball players during the All Star game watch an opponent at bat .
A person in the woods on a muddy trail rounds a corner on a bike .
four white guys playing basketball and looks like the white jersey is about to score over the red jersey .
A guy is jumping and grabbing his foot with a house in the background .
Two young boys playing in a dirt top playground .
A man wearing sunglasses is riding a scooter .
The little boy lifts his leg and swings the bat in an attempt to hit the ball .
A group of men are sitting in the farm fields taking a break
A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick .
A man is wearing a yellow jacket is wrangling an out of control horse in an outdoor stadium .
A man in a white shirt and apron cuts up a bird .
Woman with white apron cooks food , large group of people sitting at tables behind her .
Runners who are competing sprint down the street .
Asian woman wearing a sunhat while riding a bike .
A child watches another play in the dirt near the street .
An older man is playing a video arcade game .
A girl at the shore of a beach with a mountain in the distance .
