A group of men are loading cotton onto a truck
The young woman is sleeping in her room .
A child with headphones riding on his mother 's shoulders .
two men setting up a blue ice fishing hut on an iced over lake
A balding man wearing a red life jacket is sitting in a small boat .
A woman wearing a red coat is jumping outdoors .
A brown dog is running after the black dog .
A child swings a baseball bat at the ball .
A man on the phone surrounded by stacks of books .
A happy teenage girl taking a break from her bike ride .
A little boy standing high in the air on a rock .
A snowmobiler flies through the air .
Four children are standing around a blue and white barrel .
A lady is sitting down tending to her stand .
A female playing a song on her violin .
Three people on motorbikes follow a trail through dry grass .
A half naked man is sleeping on his chair outdoors .
Crowd standing near " GREEN JUNGLE " exhibit at festival .
A woman in a red hat sits on a rug .
Three women on the street drinking and posing
A single man in a black t-shirt standing above the crowd at a busy bar .
A bridge through high green plants , a man and a woman on it .
A street juggler performing while wearing a colorful outfit .
A girl hands out Starbucks samples at a street fair .
A man in a white hat stands on top of a truck .
Two large brown dogs are playing in the grass .
A boy looks on as a baby laughs .
Three men are walking on a road in the mountains .
A person soars in a parachute close to a beach .
This machine is working in the dirt .
A young girl running by herself in a park .
an oil stained sidewalk with a walker next to it
Boy hanging on a jungle-gym at the park
A man in an orange shirt is laying curled up on a concrete ledge behind a pole .
A man and a boy each grasp a small black bag in their outstretched arms .
A girl sits on a bar stool .
People are walking down a sidewalk where there is an outdoors market .
A man reading the paper waiting to get on subway .
A brown dog slurps water from a sprinkler on the grass .
A small girl smiling on the beach .
A young white male is sweeping a porch with a large broom .
One guy bowling a green bowling ball .
A band plays a rock show to a bar audience .
A man and a dog stand on a hill overlooking water .
A man drives an old-fashioned red race car .
Group of kids doing a performance .
A young boy , throwing a stone into calm water .
Two women in white t-shirts , one holding a knife slicing a pastry .
A red chinese dragon costume stands in front of an Asian-style gazebo .
A dog is wading in a river with a towel in its mouth .
Three small dogs sniff at something .
Two men paddling a canoe down a narrow stream .
Two young girls wearing goth clothes .
Several young girls are sitting in a minivan .
The desert onlookers stared at the heart shaped cloud in the clear blue sky .
A woman with a white jacket , and a silver butterfly ring , waits and reads a book .
A man in a restaurant having lunch .
Gentleman with glasses who is wearing a microphone .
A man in a black wetsuit surfs on a whiteboard .
A young women in a blue shirt sitting on a bench .
Asian women sitting around enjoying themselves .
A plane flies over a large cruise ship .
a man in a harness climbing a rock wall
Two men working together at a construction site .
A worker is in the cage at the top of the truck on a busy street .
A woman wearing a yellow blouse is jumping up in the air in a park .
A man painted in gold with cycle stands in the street .
A baby outside looking up at a leave .
A janitor about to mop in a train station .
Two little black boys sit on the floor holding water bottles .
People look on to a parking lot full of motorcycles .
Two climbers climbing a steep mountain face .
A man and woman fishing at the beach .
Someone is flipping on a blue trampoline .
kids are riding a swinging carnival ride
A boy jumping on a giant earth-like balloon held by two others .
Two men in the military are playing baseball .
A woman pushing a coffee cart through a plaza .
A policeman stopping a vehicle on the side of the road .
A man is standing , looking at a lake .
A group of Scottish officers doing a demonstration .
An old woman in a blue dress and a young child sit in a doorway while others walk by .
A lone firefighter helps tame a large fire .
A woman is painting a mural of a woman 's face .
A small girl is lying on the floor while her younger sister is pretending to be a nurse .
A woman and a girl on a floor surrounded by brown , spun cloth .
Women walking through deep snow and down a steep hill .
Three men are trying to load an aqua cabinet onto a FedEx truck .
A sad looking dog sitting next to shrubs .
This dog is done running down the yellow board .
A child is getting ready to read a book .
Asian man in blue shirt works with a machine
A woman is showing her little boy a rooster in a cage .
A child dressed as Spiderman ringing a doorbell .
A man dressed in brown holding a light saber .
A woman in a polka dot top is singing into a microphone .
Workers working in the mud and sand .
Two people are relaxing on a beach amidst lounge chairs
Behind a pile of wood on a beach a group of men stand in a wooden boat .
A young man carries something in a black trash bag .
Ann older man with a gray beard is cooking in the kitchen .
Two performers with yellow suits are playing on stage .
The sun is setting behind a group of people .
The brown dog is playing with a stick .
A hiker posing for a photo in an arid mountain landscape .
A boy gets flipped into the river by another boy .
A woman is smiling next to man who is also smiling while holding cotton candy cone .
Some children participating in a class activity at school .
Two adult woman stand in front of a class of young students .
A man in black and white cap and scarf .
Two people crossing the street downtown .
A man is interacting with two dogs , holding one of them .
A man and a boy play music as little girls watch .
A group of kids are competing in a relay .
A blue Jeep drive into deep , muddy water .
A person wearing a blue hat takes a photo in the snow .
A man sitting on the ground , playing guitar .
A white dog drinks water on a mountainside .
A girl jumps in the air in the middle of a city park .
3 guys playing music on stage .
Four people are protesting the treatment of young workers by Equinox .
The man is cooking on the barbecue .
A man is leaning against a pole with his drink in his hand .
A child in a yellow t-shirt is playing in the jungle jim .
A little girl in a very pretty strawberry shortcake t-shirt .
Two teenage girls and a teenage boy cross a street .
Two poodles are running through the snow .
A young girl in a Spider-Man outfit rides a toy horse .
Man in a small white boat on a lake .
Skiiers moving along a trail .
People are being photographed while mountain climbing or hiking .
A bunch of people swimming in water .
Women in beach bikinis play volleyball in the sunny weather .
The man and the woman are sitting at a table in a food court .
A mother and two children are posing with funny faces .
A white dog swimming while holding a orange toy in his mouth .
Four men standing near a yellow car .
Grandfather explaining how to do something on a beach .
A young child is on all fours inside .
A young child is giving a donation to a Salvation army worker .
A yellow dog carries a ball in its mouth on the beach .
A man and two kids standing in front of an ancient building .
Man looks on as woman is talking while at a bar .
A band performs on a lakefront stage .
Two old women enjoying at a gathering .
A woman and man sitting down playing with orange and blue yarn .
A boy stands on a rocky mountain .
A man cooking sausage and bacon over an open fire .
A policeman looks at a man wearing a sailor costume .
A man in a fire suit is looking at an orange truck on a busy street .
A black and white dog swimming in clear water .
A concert being held on a stage .
A man and a woman are playing the violin while another man is playing an electric guitar .
A woman singing and playing a keyboard .
Boy wearing yellow jacket jumping .
Two women are together , one is reading and the other is drinking something .
5 men in yellow vest working at construction site .
A bald man with a beard holding a shaving device on a beach .
A woman opening a present , of a crocheted blue hat .
One man sits at a pipe organ in a church while another stands next to him .
A man in a white shirt holds a microphone .
A worker at a hotel pushing a cart full of luggage .
Dog in plants crouches to look at camera .
A crowd looks on as a band plays music on a stage .
Three dogs meet in the snow .
A man and a woman are talking under a tree .
A dog jumps for a yellow and black ball .
A woman is stirring a pot of stew that is cooking .
Person spraying squirt bottle in the snow .
Two athletic girls in PUMA outfits hugging each other .
A child standing by a stroller and holding a toy sword .
One guy skateboarding on a cement curb with his hands in the air .
A man is rolling a circular table across the floor .
A group of people enjoying an outing on a boat .
A man in a yellow shirt is standing in the sidewalk measuring .
A woman throwing a bag of trash into an outdoor bin
A woman in a domino mask and severe hair is at a party .
A man windsurfs in the ocean .
Men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .
An ATV attempts to get out of a ditch .
A man tackles another man while playing football .
A coach talks to a football player during a timeout .
Two blond girls wear sports jerseys while watching a game together .
A football coach is walking on a football field .
This football team wears red shirts and red helmets .
A young boy doing a handstand on the beach .
Four runners pose for a picture .
Man kisses crying baby at a marathon .
A five member band is playing in a dimly lit studio .
Outdoors by a wood fence , three women and a toddler sit on a blue quilted blanket .
A man and a boy are sitting at an altar both are holding bells .
a person helping a small baby down a blue slide
A dog runs through the grass towards the camera .
A girl in a white soccer jersey throws the ball into play in a soccer match .
Two man are wrestling on a yellow and blue floor .
A girls in a red and white shirt and blue shorts throwing a soccer ball .
A seated man is working with his hands .
A brown dog runs on the sand carrying a stick .
A man is rowing a canoe in a body of water .
A businessman selling hotdogs .
A man takes pictures of white and yellow tulips .
Two elderly men meeting in front of a shop .
Man and boy play with dog at sunset on a beach .
A man kneels down near a large balloon in an open field .
An elderly gentleman pauses for a photograph .
A woman getting her face painted by another woman .
A woman and a child play on a tire staircase
A crowd of people standing around .
Protester march through a park with signs .
A young girl signs a large banner while a woman holds it still .
A single file line of children walk in front of a building .
A cowboy rides a Bronco during a rodeo competition .
a bride and a groom at their wedding kissing
Two men , one in orange jacket repairing something
A workman with lots of pipe is fixing a rail .
construction workers working on a building .
Spanish men playing music in a city .
Construction workers watching a machine at it 's work .
People meandering around in a grassy area with trees .
A dog is running through a pond
Man and woman crossing the street at dusk .
A man bundled up in the cold weather up in a bucket working on a power line .
Two children in yellow jackets are playing in mud .
A group of people riding a yellow roller coaster .
A woman and little boy share a chair .
A group of people are standing together on the pavement .
A young girl is swimming in a pool .
A little boy in a tan hat on the ground of a play area .
A little girl stands in a puddle outside .
A young girl eating a treat .
Four people collaborate on repairing a bicycle .
A wet dog walks out of the water .
A dog in a grass field runs with a ball in its mouth .
A group of people wait behind a metal fence .
a boy in a red top is hanging upside down from a tree .
A young couple enjoying a game at a street fair .
A boy smiles for the camera in a group of sitting children .
Two children without shirts on sit at the edge of a fountain .
A man pulls on his sweater as a kayak lays at his feet .
A man walks a few feet in front of a family .
A disinterested young woman and an older man stand by a bar .
A young blond boy is jumping from bed to bed .
A small child swings back a red baseball bat .
a man is talking on a cellphone outside of a bar .
Various people sitting and talking in a room .
A young girl playing clarinet in a musical group .
This is a crowded intersection in a big city at night .
A person is sitting in a shallow lagoon .
A man touches a tall tree stump while a woman watches .
Four people dressed in black clothing stand together outside .
Two boys and two girls strapped into a ride .
Skater does a trick on a rail .
Man builds detailed sand castle on the beach .
A big dog chases a little dog on the grass .
Men in white outfits are holding up their hands .
The girl does freestyle Frisbee tricks with her dog at the baseball park .
A black dog with a white toy in his mouth in a field of grass .
A brown boat is packed with goods and people .
A pack of bicycle road racers lean through a curve .
Two women and a man are seated at an artist 's booth .
A white woman and black man walking down the street .
A man painting a picture as other people walk down the road .
A brown , black , and white dog barking up a tree .
A young woman poses with a man in face paint .
Two young boys are holding green marbles .
Two men driving in a car , while one is pointing .
A boy rides a swing .
A man bathes in a waterfall as another man looks on .
A hiker is standing on the side of a mountain .
A woman is on a boat with many types of fruit .
There is a crowd of people standing in a the midst of the city .
Three women in old-fashioned clothing stand in the street with a dog .
A man in a white shirt is making shish kabob .
A person with pink hair looking out at a beach .
Man looking at a woman that is smoking on the sidewalk .
Man with shovel claiming victory over the fire pit .
A man licking the face of a woman wearing glasses .
One boy follows another at the park .
A girl smiles while a boy makes a V sign behind her head .
Baby in a pink onesie is laying down in a pile of leaves .
A closeup of a woman with short red-hair .
A soccer player in a green uniform is running .
A girl leads her dog over a hurdle .
Children in a classroom sitting on a numbered rug .
Sailors stand at the top of a gangplank to a large boat .
A yellow dog is jumping to catch a toy in a park .
A man in a gray t-shirt rests .
A black dog is swimming through water .
two black dogs running down either side of a paved pathway
Four people in a sandy area holding black trash bags .
People and camels taking a break in the desert .
Several dogs of different breeds play in a backyard .
A man in an army uniform speaks into a microphone .
Two young ladies in blocking the smart car display at an auto show
A person with goggles on swimming .
A woman dressed in white pauses while reading her book .
One man is making hand signals next to two young girls .
A girl blows bubbles in a dimly lit room
Boys and girls from an Eastern nation smiling in a field .
A kid jumps off a haystack while other kids watch .
boy doing tricks on a skateboard
A man in jeans , working with cables on a desk .
a baby in a purple shirt eating a cheese stick .
Four children walking down a street turn to look at the camera .
A man with crazy hair is sitting with his fingers in his ears .
Two men wearing plastic aprons are working in an industrial setting .
A dog looking up in a grassy field .
Two kids playing a board game on a table .
4 kids sit on a ledge and converse .
A brown dog leaps in the air over colorful leafs
Two men are painting a building while a third is walking past on his cellphone .
A group of men are engaged in dialogue at work
Two girls smiling while looking at there camera .
A woman with her middle finger up in the air .
A white and brown dog runs in a field .
People are sitting in class , one female is reading a book .
two small girls walk along the leaves .
A woman in white dress is fixing the flower on a man 's suit .
A woman and a man dresses up and smiling with a bouquet of flowers between them .
two people walking with strollers through a park
Four women pose in their alien costumes .
a old woman sits on a bench next to her cane .
Girls in black bikinis playing beach volleyball .
There is a man swimming with a child .
A boy stands as a girl on each side of him jumps during autumn in the wilderness .
A woman wearing black moving things on ice .
A person is carrying many bags .
A boy standing in front of a multicolored statue .
A guy in a light brown shirt smile at the camera .
A boy standing next to a desk in classroom .
A man wakeboards in the water .
Four children looking out a window .
A man with glasses wearing all black sits on grass surrounded by other people .
A girl in a pink bathing suit is doing an aerial split on a beach .
A couple of men walking on a public city street .
A man doing tricks on a bicycle .
A man in a blue jacket and gloves is standing in the street among other people .
A woman in a yellow t-shirt and sunglasses walks down a sidewalk .
Two women look out at many houses below .
Two dogs running through high grass .
Women in long skirts and jackets dancing in the back of a McDonald 's .
People sitting in a dining room .
A woman wearing a black t-shirt appears to being going up a escalator .
Men , women and children dance at a party .
A man and woman pose together on a cobblestone street .
Two dogs playing in the snow .
The dog is jumping in the air .
A musician is on stage and playing a six-string bass guitar .
A boy and an old man with a cane are talking .
A woman in a gym is about to hit a volleyball serve .
A man in a black hoodie watching a man in a red cap .
A child in shorts throws a snowball at a mountain .
A person is hang gliding in the ocean .
Two men in royal uniform and headdress are riding horses .
A dog runs through the deep snow .
A large group portrate outside of a small office building .
A dog sits on a red blanket with a man in a dark hoodie .
Two people smile at the camera while holding a sign .
A child is having fun sledding with his mother .
A man reading a cookbook and making the recipe .
A girl in white playing the electric bass .
snowboarders sit on a chairlift .
Several people are standing in a room eating .
A street musician performs at a subway entrance .
A guy grinds a windowsill near an old windmill
A blond woman in a white shirt demonstrates her talents to a crowd .
One older man interviews another in a racing suit .
Two people dressed in pink .
A young boy riding a dirt bike through the mud .
A child bolts from a bench down a city street .
Little girl is disinterested by what entices the crowd .
Two old men sitting down resting .
Two children are playing in a homemade fort .
A woman kneeling in the snow attaching a harness on a small tan dog .
Two men are setting up some electronic equpitment
Man sleeping on the subway holding a bag .
Picture of biker in midair of a jump .
Two men sitting in sand reading magazines .
Several men standing in front of graffiti
Person with red shirt and black pants climbing a rock .
A man on a very tall bike rides across a crosswalk .
Two dogs playing in the grass .
A person wearing an orange coat is walking past a building .
Older Indian woman uses a loom while smoking a pipe .
Two men , wearing warm clothing , are jumping beside a fence .
A bespectacled man speaks into a microphone under red , neon lighting .
A child with a green shirt is holding a red ball against its mouth .
The person with the tattoos is holding a dirty frying pan .
Four people in a band are performing .
A group of young men are running a race .
Person toting items at a market .
Three dogs are in the snow .
a white bird flies over a lake .
A group of people gathered at a school .
A yellow car drives across a snowy path .
Band practice is cramped quarters .
Men and women sit in a meeting and listen to a presentation .
a woman showing a powerpoint presentation on a large projector screen .
Young people are engaged in a game .
A baseball player swings at a baseball .
A mother and her sons look at an information kiosk .
Some men are finishing a race .
Two women are standing with ski poles in deep snow .
Group of people outside with a woman in a red jacket and wearing a green scarf .
A child skis across the snowy ground .
Why are n't these girls in the kitchen instead of playing with toys ?
Two young girls ride a camel near water .
Various people are talking together at a bar .
Crowd on sidewalk waiting to go inside a store .
Two boys pose for a picture with their rickshaw .
A little brown dog runs through the grass .
People sitting in a well-lit restaurant .
A snowboarder is doing a trick .
An Asian UPS worker is stacking brown boxes .
A woman in a blue shirt is riding a bicycle .
A woman in a white tennis outfit is jumping up to hit the ball .
A woman plays the cello while looking on .
Two older men in dark sweaters are standing on a sidewalk .
A woman holding a white and black dog .
A boy in a red shirt trying to play a guitar .
A young clerk looking for new emails from clients .
Three woman are sitting in front of a decorated tree .
A white fluffy dog is jumping and catching a toy .
A matador in a colorful outfit is riding a bull
Children are bathing in the falling water .
A dog barks at plants in a walled concrete courtyard .
A group of people in blue shirts at a sporting event .
A tennis player is carrying a tennis racket .
Two little girls in blue dresses laugh .
A little girl in a dancing class .
Two women jump in the grass atop a mountain .
Thai dancers happily going through their steps in unison .
A guy racing his motorcycle on a trail .
A woman in a pink jacket walks down the sidewalk .
Woman standing on a brick wall and taking a picture
A white female wearing white shorts and yellow top throws a stick in a nature scene .
A motorcyclist biking through dusty terrain .
A girl is crouched in a bucket eating a popsicle .
Two furry light brown dogs lying on a hardwood floor .
A young boy is using a garden hose to water a small tree .
A boy rides his bike on a half-pipe .
An old man wearing a black jacket is looking on the table
Two men are walking in a street of stone on a nice day .
A woman hanging from a tree , her leg wrapped in cloth .
A young girl in blue and a bicycle helmet is walking across a log in a pond .
A black dog jumping over an obstacle .
A soccer player is about to kick the ball near the goal .
A group of men who have bicycles are chatting .
A man running away from a charging bull .
A boy with a Mohawk chasing geese in a park .
a brown and white dog jumps on the sidewalk .
Two children putting heads through novelty photo board .
The shadow of two men on rigging .
Two dogs play in the yellow grass with a ball .
A group of people loitering around a trashcan .
A white dog is running into a river .
A photographer taking a photo of a message on a set of doors .
A toddler holds a large blue ball while playing in the grass .
A man practicing boxing
Seven people are jumping in the air , along the shore .
A curly-haired woman plays the violin .
Some people climbing a mountain .
A man wearing a gray shirt is doing a skateboard trick on stairs .
Three men walking next to a tent with a billboard sign on it .
A girl picking dandelions in a grassy meadow .
Young boy delivers a jumping martial arts kick .
A man and woman playing a game outside .
A girl in a white dress running .
A woman with purple hair and a man in military regalia .
People having fun at a party .
A man stare at a passing couple while walking down the block .
A younger man is playing a organ as an older man watches .
A large group of people watching a performer on a stage .
a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack .
A group of people listening to a man talking outside .
A man leaning against another man with his eyes closed .
A soccer player runs for a soccer ball .
A bicyclist rides down the road near snow .
A long-haired mail is swinging his wet hair around in the ocean .
A boy and a man dressed as rodeo clowns standing in sand
A young girl smiles and sticks her thumb up while posing in front of a turtle .
A man in blue is riding a bicycle on a track .
man parachuting in the sunset with clouds everywhere
A lady behind the counter selling cake .
A woman and a man ride bikes on a city street .
Three men posing with instruments .
Two people play water volleyball in a pool .
A group of people are sitting at tables in front of a building .
One boy hoists another boy up on his back .
A woman taking a picture with a large professional camera .
Girl with a large hat with the British flag on it .
A woman paints her face while a boy with a Mohawk holds her mirror .
Two men are standing on a street and one of them is about to throw a dart .
A man on an extended unicycle with flaming torches .
A young child is playing in a water sprinkler .
The girl is stretching to give the boy the racket .
A man leans against a wall holding a child in his arms .
A woman wearing two medals holds up seven fingers .
A rugby player tackling another .
Two girls play with their food for the camera .
A woman is putting a helmet on a small girl .
Fans are cheering at a performance .
A boy in a park playing with two orange balls .
A girl in a pink dress is smiling and standing on a bed .
A man sings into a microphone while holding a guitar .
A man is smiling while participating in a parade .
A man in green and a woman in black stretching .
two men take a hike with two dogs .
An old man juggling fire outside a street corner .
A black dog is looking through the fence .
A person is riding a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track .
A woman does a wheelie on a bicycle with purple wheels .
a black dog jumping into some water to catch a red and blue Frisbee
A man plays the trumpet while it is cold outside .
Someone in green pants is standing on a snowboard .
A man sits at a table outside .
Three businessmen posing for a picture at a ceremony .
The small dog wearing a tutu stands on its hind legs .
A teenager performs a railgrind on his bicycle .
A man with a bucket and a girl in a hat on the beach .
People walk on a metropolitan sidewalk in front of a bar and grill .
A dog is standing on two legs inside a pool and man is nearby looking at the design .
A man is holding a bunch of things caught on a rope .
A man in a striped shirt is fishing off a boat .
A man wearing all blue on a raised platform painting a wall red .
A man is sitting on the floor and is surrounded by pictures .
Two people with white shirts walking up the sidewalk talking on their phones .
A group of children play on a soccer field .
woman painting a picture outside .
Two Asian children are standing at the foot of a tree together .
People in line getting ready to board a bus .
Five men are playing lacrosse on a field .
A woman wearing a yellow helmet is using a zipline .
A dog with a ball in its mouth swims in the water .
Young men are in a blue car driving .
A Norfolk Race car with flames on the hood .
A trumpet player reads sheet music in a performance .
A man in a black brimmed hat and a red shirt is reading a book in front of a garage .
A group of people , three women are near a small street vendor .
Woman knitting items for sale in South America .
A merchant is rearranging her items for sale .
Motorcycles are lined up against a building .
A bank teller standing at a counter .
A man wearing a white apron is standing in front of a mural .
A man is looking at one of his four flat screen computers .
Two bicyclists ride down a hill .
a young dirty faced asian girl carrying a pillow .
Boy enjoys a day on the lake .
Two kids playing electric guitars .
A man crouched in the bare branches of a fallen tree .
Two boys prepare a small sailboat as two girls watch them from the beach .
A man walking around in a red robe and an axe in hand outside .
This is a man and a couple of children at a beach .
A man in a yellow jacket standing on the street outside .
A woman holding a mushroom to a child 's lips .
Two women talk in front of a clothing store .
Mounted officer on the sidewalk in front of a crowd .
Black dog digging in white snow .
A man takes a photograph of a lake with mountains in the background .
A woman working with a stock of animals .
Older man in red hat holds up a sign during protest
Two young girls are playing basketball in a gymnasium .
Bikini-clad female at the beach doing a cartwheel .
A man with glasses wearing a hat is playing the bass .
A woman with blond-hair is drinking out of a glass .
A child is laying in a bed in a medical setting .
Two middle-aged men in a room with music equipment speak with each other .
Two dogs play on the wooden floor inside .
An elderly indian man and woman in their home .
A man in snow weather gear is laying in the snow in front of a door .
Young girl reaches out to pet a deer .
A woman in a red skirt has thrown a green ball with yellow streamers into the air .
A man in a wheelchair being pushed in the library
Two dogs wrestle in the snow .
A kindly faced woman cleans the floor of her living room .
Two hockey players lean in toward the referee at the center of the hockey rink .
People running down the street with observers
Performers are doing a traditional dance .
Two children are preparing to go on an elephant ride .
Guitar player practices surrounded by instruments .
A woman wearing a white hat examines an item in a store .
A group of people are standing near the shore of a lake .
a crowd of people at a city festival with smoke and fireworks
A dog buries its head in the snow .
People with camping equipment on rocky ground .
People are standing in line at a market .
A boy is sitting in a chair getting a haircut .
A young man getting a buzz haircut .
Many people are outside of a large building .
One guy fixes his bicycle while another guy leans against a car .
Two men celebrate at the bar surrounded by alcohol at a party .
Men and women are waiting for a train to stop .
Pre-teen students attend a computer class .
A band plays in front of a brick wall
A singer performing along with the crowd .
An old woman is chopping up food on the sidewalk .
A man wearing jeans and a hat is climbing up an orange ladder onto a roof .
A waitress is serving customers at a restaurant .
An artist is working on a sculpture in a workshop .
A young woman wearing a beautiful white ensemble looks flustered .
A man sitting down making snow sculptures .
A man us using his two dogs to sled across the snow .
A classical music orchestra with a conductor playing inside .
Two girls in white tops are kneeling .
Several girls are playing with flour .
A girl performing with an acoustic electric auto harp .
A man is playing punch out for the NES .
The man is laying by a blue building .
A person shovels the snow in the city as the snow continues to fall .
A group of people dressed in plaid are playing music .
A woman in red skates on ice while people behind her look .
A group of people are running in the cold .
A woman showing a student how to be a rabbit in the school play .
Three people , two are laughing , one is talking own a phone .
A young girl walking along side a small creek
A white comedian with long hair performs on stage .
Two young children are performing ballet .
A boy riding a scooter as a man pushes a stroller .
Lynyrd Skynyrd stands at the mic on stage .
A couple watches a boat against a skyline .
two trees in town in front of building
A trio of women talks while at a party .
a group of musicians playing music in the street .
A man holding a crucifix in the middle of the road .
Two kids play on a playground structure .
Sad man wearing jeans sitting on front step .
Man on phone in business suit walking down a busy street .
Chefs standing on a busy street with their products .
A woman is standing and wearing a green and yellow scarf .
A lady wearing scarf hat and sunglasses shopping .
People are seated among some pillars while another person walks by .
Two people working with some medical equipment on a tiger .
Two people looking at clothes in a shop window .
A boy with a backpack sits on a trail and points .
Two guys fixing an electric grill .
Three women in jackets walk across the street .
An Asian Lady in a fur trimmed hood talking on her cellphone .
A dark headed man kneeling down beside of a yellow wall .
A child is standing behind a blue wall .
A man is standing outside of a donut stand .
An African American man smoking a cigarette .
A man stands in front of a building wearing a hat and suit .
Three men are talking in front of old stairs on the street .
An outdoor market with lots of vegetables .
A man and two children crossing a street .
A man in a suit standing on a sidewalk reading a newspaper .
Men with huge mouths play their instruments .
A brown dog leaps up to catch an orange toy .
Several people stand in a subway tunnel .
Three small children are in a cage .
Two people stand in front of a building .
A woman with a red bag is holding a pink umbrella .
A baseball player kicks up dirt sliding in front of a catcher .
Two stewardesses in blue suit await their next flight .
Two homeless men sitting at a park .
A man in a blue shirt holding a protest sign .
A man and a woman are among many walking down the sidewalk .
Two women waiting at the subway station .
A large crowd is standing around the start line .
A woman is walking with a boy who is holding a flag .
A man holding a sign on stage to a crowd of people while another plays guitar .
A man takes a picture of a woman posing by park statues .
Two people sitting on a cement bench chatting over lunch .
Soldier holding a large camera and a man in a brown shirt .
A man is pushing chairs on a busy street .
An older man , wearing a red ribbon , speaks into a microphone .
Two men converse near a wall with graffiti on it .
A family standing on a sidewalk smiling .
A woman in blue about to enter a brown fence gateway in a park
A woman practices kickboxing with the aid of a punching bag .
Lemonade stander worker setting up shop for the day .
A contemplative man sits alone at a sidewalk restaurant table .
A youth football game wherein three youths are fighting for a football .
A man holding a blond boy on his shoulders .
A guy looks at the camera while he cooks food on a big grill
Woman in pink jacket and short skirt has confused look on her face .
Former baseball players perform a ceremony in front of a gathered circle of people .
An older woman pushing a scooter on a city street .
A woman sitting on a public bench .
Four adults and one child visit on a backyard patio .
A small Asian girl runs into focus down a brick street .
Women crossing the street with several children .
A group of women singing together .
A woman talks to a young girl over a counter .
A woman in a gray shirt is cooking on a grill .
A man in a white shirt is detained by police at night .
A man in a black shirt is singing with a microphone .
Two men in brown jackets walking away from a parking garage .
Two young girls in the tree with their dog .
A woman stands in front of a contemporary building .
A woman and a man walk along a bridge overlooking a body of water .
Three women hold hands and walk in the ocean .
Little baby sitting on a blue convertible .
Two men one in a white shirt one in a black shirt doing research on a laptop computer .
A protest travels down the street in hopes of freeing Gaza .
Man in a hood performing in front of a group of onlookers .
The women is holding the boy while looking across the street .
A pole mirror reflect a woman with a blue shirt carrying a bag .
A man picks up a dripping wet woman happily .
A man is making his girlfriend laugh by playing with his nose .
A man is walking down the sidewalk next to a street .
Man wearing all green does a handstand in the dirt .
Photographers at a site making a documentary .
A hooded man lovingly holding a woman 's face
People attending a J.P. Morgan Corporate Challenge .
Couple is making out on a park bench in public .
A man wearing goggles exits a pool by the ladder .
A woman in a green shirt and face paint is looking at something .
A helmeted biker flying off a ramp in the woods .
two women wearing white prepare to do some type of videography .
A man walking down a street beside a large white building .
Muscular man waiting for train while listening to music .
A young man gives another young man advise on sex and dating .
A woman is in front of an art deco building looking in her purse .
A woman in blue and red clothing is skating .
A woman holding a pink purse is wearing fluffy earmuffs .
A man is cooking food that is producing a lot of smoke .
A group of people eating at an outside event
Blue sky with fluffy white clouds over a brick building .
A bunch of people standing on a street looking at something .
A man in a Denver Broncos jersey is tailgating with his friends .
A clown making a balloon animal for a pretty lady .
A man in a long blue cape walks into an old stone building .
A lady selling food on the side of a road .
The woman with blue hair has a green scarf tied around her head .
large group of people holding hands on the beach .
A man in a white shirt plays the violin on the streets .
A group of people walking together .
Two people in full body solid color spandex suits sit in chairs in an audience .
A black man , wearing a cap , is sitting in a bus .
A young man standing outside a laundromat .
An elderly man gesticulates while speaking at a podium .
The man has fallen asleep on the couch .
a group of people in white coats holding sheep .
Two watercrafts , one red and one white , are making a big splash in the water .
A crowd of people surround a fender bender .
People on the street at a block party .
Two wet teenage girls walk around the pool area .
A woman in white is holding a bouquet of roses .
A woman doing ballet next to a body of water .
A man viewing a woman 's camera in a outside area on a set of stone stairs .
a group of people looking out of a window onto the street .
Four men dressed in bondage gear are on a float in a gay pride parade .
An elderly man wearing a watch a sleeveless shirt looking forward .
Man attempts skateboard trick in tree-lined skate park .
A man wearing a backpack walking down a street .
two males walking down holding hands wearing sombreros .
Young families watch a military procession in a parade .
A person rides a motorbike down a dirt hill .
A man with a suit and a woman with a stroller are walking .
White man sits on the floor among scattered clothing and bags .
A woman wearing a purple dress sitting at a table by herself .
A man slouched in a chair on a city sidewalk girl watching .
A customer asking a street vendor for the price of bananas .
A man and a woman hug on a street .
A couple of friends inside a large bullfighting arena .
Many people have gathered to look at something that is not in the photo .
A woman sits on a bench and speaks to a man in a green shirt .
Two women in spotted dresses walking down a sidewalk .
A large display of a child 's face over a water park .
A few people do outdoor work on a sunny day .
Man in a green shirt red sunglasses in front of a restaurant .
A barefoot boy with a blue and white striped towel is standing on the beach .
An Asian family sight seeing at the aquarium .
People in a produce store picking produce to buy
A guy operating on human eyes .
A few people looking up at statues outside a big marble building .
The men are checking out magazines in a newsstand .
A man with a name tag on is sitting in a chair .
A photo of a beautiful Asian structured house .
A man is balancing a metal ball on his arm .
A man wearing a baseball hate is checking his phone
A boy dressed in a dark shirt carries a blue bag over his shoulder and a green pail .
A man looks at a woman who is blindfolded and is carrying an umbrella .
A man holding a small child who is wearing a backpack .
A young man racks pool balls on a purple pool table .
A group of young women are sitting down outside .
This bandana clad woman is looking down at something while people are all around her .
A boy and girl in black jumpsuits stand facing a girl in a pink jacket , with adults in the background .
People at a market have set their tents up in front of a building .
A woman in striped tights is being guided with strings .
A city worker diligently replacing some outdoor tiles .
A bored woman sitting with her possessions downtown .
Shirtless man sleeps under a window .
A trailer hitch is holding a large contraption .
A woman in a leopard print tank top is taking photos on her camera phone .
Man laying on a wooden bench with other people in the background .
An black man wearing a blue shirt and hat in a beach .
A group of people waving to a person on a balcony .
A man is working with a dog during training .
A skateboarder is airborne above his inverted board .
Three men stand around and talk on a boat .
A man wearing an aviation cap and goggles sits in the road .
A distant view of a building and the people around it .
A man sleep in a chair next to a roll of toilet paper .
A man in white shirt and dark shorts is working outside .
A woman smiles as she appears to be text messaging .
The men are getting ready for the rodeo .
A family is standing outdoors on a cloudy day .
A baby washing a spoon in the sink with food all over him .
Kids being spun around in a glass spinner .
A man and a woman are holding up signs at a protest .
A woman working on her deck on the weekend .
A man in a hat is sitting on a bench on a sidewalk .
A woman is taking a picture with her camera .
A man leans against a multicolored building outside .
man scratching his head while looking at a window display .
Two women sitting on a bench at night in front of a store
A man sitting in between two roads on a black crate .
A man wearing a black leather vest with a rebel flag patch on it .
A man sits alone fishing along the shoreline .
An older man wearing a black jacket and sunglasses takes a nap on a park bench .
A man on a bike in a gray jacket carries foliage .
An Asian kid standing , waiting with his bags .
Two males are walking down the street .
A woman is out with a child in a jogging stroller .
Two dogs play and fight over a blue ball .
A guy is riding and has on an interesting helmet .
A man crouches in front of a yellow wall .
Asian fruit stand on the street at night .
A blond boy in a blue shirt is sitting with a woman wearing glasses .
Man in white and woman in black with pink sash dancing together .
People play in a fountain at twilight .
Five men pose awkwardly on steps .
On a busy street a lady carries goods on her head .
A man on a unicycle performing a trick with people watching him .
A person sitting on chair in front of a crowd .
Two men waiting for a train at the 4 avenue stop .
Three white men in t-shirt jump into the air .
A singer is crowd surfing .
A scuba diving class taking a picture during class time .
A woman in a green striped shirt is in a grocery store .
A smashed car with many firefighters cutting into the car .
A busy department store with staff that are helpful .
A girl jumping in the air to spike a volleyball .
An older man is pouring something out of a bag into the water .
A group of people in a basketball court inspect some bicycles .
Two young boys in blue shorts kickboxing .
A woman prepares ingredients for a bowl of soup .
Three men inspecting a bicycle on a street .
Two people sleeping next to wooden logs on the water .
A young man is smiling as he has fun sliding down a hill
A young woman is flirting with her handsome date .
A Army squad have a conversation with commander .
Two boys are playing ball in an alley .
A woman drinking out of a fruit .
A woman wearing a blue uniform stands and looks down .
Two men are having a conversation in the kitchen .
A man feeds a baby in it 's highchair .
A helmeted BMX biker leaps into the air on his bike .
A little baby in a pink hat lying naked and sleeping .
Two young girls make faces from below a sculpture .
Two people are talking near a red phone booth while construction workers rest nearby .
A woman is sitting on the ground crocheting .
Little boys running and chasing a soccer ball .
Two smiling children are jumping on a trampoline lined with a net .
Two dogs run in a field looking at an unseen Frisbee .
A band is playing music in some area .
Group of hikers on top a snowy mountain during a storm .
A large group of people are gathered near a plaza and water .
A lady is peering through a telescope over a forest .
A little girl around the age of five is trying to do the dishes in a kitchen .
A bearded man with a nose ring is brushing his teeth .
A Skier ski-jumping while two other skiers watch his act .
Three girls are horseback riding with the focus on the youngest girl .
a pleased older woman blow drying her short , red-hair .
A chef working in a kitchen using a knife .
Pushing the flower pots to the garden to plant .
A woman singing into a microphone while a man plays drums in the background .
A man shows a fish to a child .
Arborist tries to climb tree .
A man has a pan and what looks like a block of dirt .
A man is standing next to a pair of rollerskates , and observing people .
A man stands in front of a woman who is sitting behind a table .
An old man sweeps the floor as a lady walks away from the camera .
An angry looking woman is sitting in a chair while a man in a green shirt stands beside her .
A man is working at a construction site .
A male with a prosthetic leg diving for a volleyball .
A food truck chef takes a break to pear out the window .
Three baseball players in the middle of a play .
A Buddhist monk is mopping the dirty ground .
A laboratory technician is using a pipette .
A man is leading two small ponies on a walk at a park .
Two women wrestle to the ground while a judge watches .
Two people are asleep on a park bench .
Guy and girl getting ready for camping trip .
A rickshaw operator waiting for his next costumer .
Two art students are making something out of clay .
Someone in snowshoes is vaulting across an open area outside .
A play is going on and a man is in midair .
A man is parked while inside of a sanitation truck .
This is perhaps a homeless man sitting at a corner of a building .
Male on a skateboard , using an empty pool as a ramp on a very pretty day .
A person with a straw hat in the brush .
a little kid licking a blue lollipop in the shape of a heart .
Two people outside examining a bicycle tire .
A bow in a blue sweater shows off a beaded necklace .
A man working next to a furnace , surrounded by metal .
A woman standing in front of trees and smiling .
The warrior is set for practicing battle with his opponent .
A young football player is setting up for a field goal .
The pedestrian in green is watching an accident victim be treated .
A teenage boy wearing white and green uniform playing soccer .
A runner starts her sprint to the finish line .
Two men , one in blue and one in red , compete in a boxing match .
There are four teens laying on a wooden floor in the kitchen .
A member of a band is jamming out on stage while performing a song .
Roller derby girl skating with others .
A woman does her shopping at the local Walmart
Two motorcyclist racing on an inclined track .
An old man wearing a hat stands outside a shop door .
A legless man is walking next to a man in a bright yellow shirt .
Two teams playing a game of soccer .
Two men , one dressed as a nun and the other in a short-sleeve shirt , run in an autumnal setting with a lake in the background .
Three men on horses during a race .
A skateboarder doing a trick on the cement on a sunny day .
A person in a white sweatshirt is sitting in a chair near a pond and monument .
A group of divers preparing to jump into a pool from diving boards of various heights .
A young child dressed colorfully sits on a red platform .
Man throwing an object into a body of water .
Colorful costumed men in a performance .
In this photo , two men are boxing .
A group of young kids play a game of soccer outside .
A female performer sings and plays the guitar in front of a microphone .
Boy 's are competing in martial arts .
Several people dressed in orange shirts and jeans sing and dance outdoors .
Three women are wearing white and red uniforms and blowing from small pipes .
A man is gutting a raw chicken .
The boy leaps of his bed with a karate kick .
A baby and a toddler are smiling whilst playing in a nursery .
These are people gathered around the table playing Jenga .
A man and a woman eating a meal together .
A man skateboarding against a construction wall reading No Bikes .
People in rowboat heading toward a setting sun .
Two men are engaged in karate in an all white room .
A boy band is singing on stage at the yearly talent competition .
A group of go-cart riders are racing around a go-cart track .
a guy with snow white made up of ice hugging to take a snap
A man is giving a presentation in front of a crowd .
A football player wearing a blue jersey getting his leg examined by a trainer .
a tattooed male on stage wearing coverall giving the peace sign
A little girl is attaching connectors to a battery powered light bulb .
A man on a bicycle rides amongst automobile traffic .
A line of men are all using computers intently .
a boy juggling balls between 2 cars in a parking lot
A woman and a young girls in dresses dancing .
A man adjusts the engine of a boat near the water .
A tennis stadium is filled with people watching a game .
Snowboarder about to hit an uneven jump .
Action shot of five men playing a game of soccer .
Young women and children in a village , with a single woman focused on the camera .
Young boy brushing his teeth with a woman in the background .
A man in a wheelchair and wearing a red jogging suit is carrying a torch .
seven well dressed people stand in a church .
Three men are jumping hurdles in a race .
guy standing in a door during construction
An army man uses his binoculars to see into the distance .
A group of young boys race on a snowy day .
A man jumps rope while a crowd of people watch him .
Two children smiling and making funny hand signals .
Two teenage boys , on opposing teams , are playing soccer .
A young male is performing stunts on a blue BMX bike .
Two women in headgear are in a boxing ring and are engaged in a kickboxing match .
Two motorcycle are racing on the track .
a man in red tank top holding a basketball from the other men
a man on a horse , jumping over a horse hurdle .
Three men are wearing native clothing and playing instruments .
A crowd is busy looking to buy something .
A racing catamaran is lifted onto one hull in the water .
Marines dressing uniform walking in a parade carrying their colors .
A man holding a drinking glass at the camera .
A young man in glasses plays his guitar on stage .
Four young kids are eating , playing , smiling .
A group of workers are listening to instruction from a colleague .
A shriner rides a large green tractor down the road during a parade .
Three dogs are playing in the water .
A man plays a drum and a little boy hits his own , little drum .
People playing a game of polocrosse .
A man watching as a woman fires a gun with a smile at a firing range .
A group of bicyclists are riding down a road in the rain .
A sports team all dressed in blue huddles on a sports field .
A group of people wearing purple shirts and name tags is walking somewhere .
An old man with long hair playing the trumpet .
A teen performing a bike trick at a skate park .
Mother and daughter wearing Alice in wonderland customs are posing for a picture .
A small child drilling on a board with a power drill .
Two bicyclists are racing each other on a dirt track .
Girl gets all her fingers cutoff trying to catch a Frisbee , fail !
An orthodontist working on a patient , while a man holds the light .
A redheaded male and female are enjoying a burger by the sea .
These two cyclists ride side by side in an urban neighborhood .
A man is preparing to throw a bowling ball .
Two men in black clothes with blue and red bowties are performing in front of a crowd .
A black man and a white man with acoustic guitars are standing in front of microphones .
A kickboxer lands a flying knee into the face of his opponent .
Three runners compete in a race .
Two football teams engaged in competitive action against each other .
Several men are praying while standing at the end of a table of food .
two small children in asian type costumes on a stage dancing
Three children being photographed in front of a building .
A group of people are running .
2 woman surfers carrying their boards across the beach .
A boy is sitting on a rock , looking at the valley below .
a girl posing on a cliff over a river .
A woman stops and waits for a car to pass before crossing the street
three men are having a discussion .
Two individuals are standing near a chalkboard .
A young boy in a red sweater holding an ax pretending .
Two men are out with goats on a farm .
A man in a blue shirt making pink cotton candy .
A bunch of police officers are standing outside a bus .
An elderly woman in a pink shirt is utilizing an antique cash register .
Two men on the phone at a bank of pay phones .
Two women stand along a barricade near green port-a-potties .
