Men are standing on and about a truck carrying a white substance .
A woman in black pants napping on the couch .
A kid wearing headphones sits on his mom 's shoulders while in a crowd .
Two men are about to enter an ice fishing tent on a snow covered lake .
A man wearing a life jacket is in a small boat on a lake with a ferry in view .
A lady in a red coat , holding a bluish hand bag likely of asian descent , jumping off the ground for a snapshot .
A brown dog is running after a black dog on a rocky shore .
A young boy wearing a Giants jersey swings a baseball bat at an incoming pitch .
Man talking on a phone , surrounded by books in an office .
A girl in an orange tank top is walking her bike through the forrest .
A boy in yellow shorts is standing on top of a cliff .
Rider jumps snowmobile high in rural area .
A woman and three children are picking something out of a blue trashcan .
A woman is sitting by her dried flower display at an outside market .
A cello player is playing during a concert .
Three people on two dirt-bikes and one four-wheeler are riding through brown grass .
Topless old man wearing slippers , navy blue pants and a white hat while reclining in a chair outside .
A crowd of people standing next to a shack labeled " Green Jungle . "
A girl wearing a colorful hat sits on a woven mat .
Three girls make faces as one takes a drink while they stand in a busy street .
In a crowd of young people at a bar , a man stands displaying the rock and roll sign .
A man and a woman are crossing over a rope bridge with greenery all over them .
An male entertainer is wearing women 's clothing that consists of a pink tank top , skirt , knee high socks , and a hairnet , performing on a unicycle a juggling knives while a crowd watches .
An Asian girl in a green hat and apron is serving drinks on a tray .
Two Rubbish men standing on they’re truck loading trash .
On grass , two brown dogs tussle for orange toy .
An older sibling and a baby in the living room .
Three men are walking down a road with trees along the edges .
A person is parasailing over a large body of water .
A tractor is moving dirt to help build up a retaining wall .
A young lady wearing blue and black is running past an orange cone .
A person crosses the street and avoids the spill of paint .
Child playing on a playground , hanging from bars .
A person wearing a red long-sleeved shirt is lying down on a wall in front of a lamp post in a very unusual manner .
A large crowd of people encircles a child wearing a hat and a man in a dress suit .
A girl sitting in a dark bar .
An area in japan which appears to be extremely crowded , with many people of whom look like tourists .
A man with a blue backpack reads the paper while waiting to board the subway .
A brown dog is bending down trying to drink from a jet of water .
a young man wearing swimming goggles wearing a blue shirt with a pirate skull on it
A small boy is sweeping the wooden deck behind a house with an over-sized broom ; a wild forest is in the back .
A man in a tan shirt about to send a green bowling ball down the lane .
A band singing and playing electric guitar for a crowd of people .
an elderly man is walking a brown dog using a red leash .
The red car has the number seven on the side in a white circle .
Young adults wearing red , yellow , and black shirts in a straight line perform a sketch .
A young boy throws a big rock into a body of water .
Two women with short hair are facing each other and the blond one is talking .
Two people in a traditional Japanese dragon costume perform in front of a small Japanese shrine with a man in a business suit standing in the back watching .
A dog walking through a small stream with a rag in his mouth .
Two white dogs look at one black dog on a paved walkway .
two man are paddling a kayak along a river with green trees on either side .
A girl with pink streaked hair and fur uggs looks back while the girl walking next to her looks at her .
Four young girls reading a book in the back of a car with boxes of produce .
As many gather on the beach to watch the air show , the planes make a heart in the sky .
Sitting casually in a public place , a girl reads holding the book open with her hand on which is a butterfly ring .
A man in a colorful button-up t-shirt is pouring what appears to be barbecue sauce onto something .
An older man with glasses raises his eyebrows in surprise .
A man is surfing in a wetsuit and is coming out of the curl .
An Asian woman poses on a bench with shopping bags .
Four women sit looking at something beyond the camera .
A red plane flying over a boat as it trails pink smoke .
A man with a white shirt and helmet is climbing a mountain .
Two construction workers assist in the loading of a dump truck at an urban construction site .
A woman in a colorful outfit is walking by a white truck filled with bottles .
Woman dressed in sandals , skirt and hat jumping in front of a blooming lilac bush .
A man dressed in gold with his gold bike stops to look at the city .
A baby looking up at a leafy branch above her head .
A custodian is talking to another man by an elevator .
Two small brightly dressed African children with water bottles are sitting on a stone floor .
Green traffic signals light up as people look at motorcycles .
A adventure bound person climbing the face of a mountain .
A man and a woman are standing on a shore while the man fishes in the choppy water .
A person is upside down in the air above a trampoline outside .
Children enjoying themselves on an amusement park ride .
Three boys are playing outside , and two are holding a giant ball that looks like a globe while the other jumps up high over it .
2 men in army fatigues playing baseball in the middle of a dirt field in the middle of the day .
A woman in a black dress is pushing a cart with thermos down a paved walkway .
A policeman on a motorcycle is stopped behind a car he pulled over .
Man standing on a pier next to a boat on a still lake .
A large group of men in military garb standing on a field with a crowd behind them .
A woman and a child sit together in a door frame along a gray sidewalk , as a man and two women walk past .
A firefighter spraying water on the flames of a large fire .
A lady in a purple shirt is painting a picture of a person on a curved wall .
A little girl is laying down on her back on a hardwood floor , looking out of the corner of her eyes at a smaller child who is wearing pajamas , a hairnet and a surgical mask .
In a public area , a young girl in a pink dress sits next to an older woman who works a primitive device to make brown thread .
Woman wearing black snow pants and jacket , walking down a snowy hill .
The FedEx driver listens to the workman in the green hard hat while the equipment to ship is being loaded .
A caramel colored dog sits in front of trees looking forward .
A brown a white dog runs down a yellow and blue ramp .
A young boy with a book sits on the floor in front of a table .
A older Japanese man trying to fix a small red and gray machine .
A woman is watching her child , who is in front of a chicken inside a cage .
A child that is dressed as Spiderman is ringing the doorbell .
a man wearing a black outfit holding on to a glowing sword .
A young woman stands singing at a microphone while a man behind her holds a guitar .
Two women are sitting in ditches of dirt with two buckets and a purse close by .
Many of the chairs are empty with only a few people enjoying the sun .
A group of fishermen on a boat tied up in a bay , with piles of driftwood near them .
A young man is carrying something in a large black plastic garbage bag .
An older , overweight man flips a pancake while making breakfast .
Men wearing yellow suits are on stage with a piano and one man is playing an upright bass .
A group of people standing in front of a setting sun .
a brown dog chewing on a large piece of wood .
A person in hiking gear is standing on a hill with a mountain in the background .
An airborne kid is watched by his launcher and others .
A young man in a white shirt holding cotton candy next to a young woman in a white tank top .
Two women are standing in front of a class of children talking about a book .
Two ladies in jeans stood in front of three young children with fair hair .
A man wearing a scarf and knitted hat is smiling .
Two people are crossing the street , even though the sign says they should not be .
Elderly man poses with his two dogs while sitting on his living room couch .
A man is playing a guitar with a child playing a harmonica while three young girls watch .
A boy who is taking a stick from a girl in the middle of a race .
A four wheel drive car is driving through the mud .
The lady wearing a black hat is taking a picture while the snowfalls .
A young man in a green t-shirt strums his guitar while sitting cross-legged on the floor .
A dog is standing in a small pool of water on top of a mountain .
An asian woman is jumping in celebration in a park outside the city .
A three man band is performing on stage .
Three young men and 1 young lady are protesting about the exploitation of young workers .
A man cooking burgers on a black grill .
Two men standing on a sidewalk with a tiny dog with a pink lacy collar on .
A young boy in yellow t-shirt hanging from a ring with other kids around .
A child sits , smiling in front of a plate of watermelon and strawberries .
One man and two women wearing shorts , walk down the street .
Black dog jumping over a white dog in a snowy path .
A young redheaded girl wearing a Spider-Man costume is riding a hobby horse .
A man in a white boat is rowing through fog .
The skiers are in front of the lodge .
A group of people are in a dirt mount , one person is talking on the one , one is taking a picture , and one is jumping in the air .
A group of youngsters swim in lake water
3 women are playing beach volleyball , with one about to spike , one about to block , and the other looking on .
A young man and an older woman sitting together in a restaurant .
An adult with two kids , one child making a face and the other kissing the adult 's cheek .
A white dog swims in the water while holding a red object in its mouth .
A movie with a car is being filmed on the street .
A group of men , women , and children , all wearing hats , talk on the beach .
A small boy wearing pajamas crawls across the floor .
A woman in a black and white Salvation Army uniform accepts a donation from a young girl .
A brown dog on the beach with a yellow ball in his mouth .
A man wearing a sleeveless shirt and sunglasses standing next to two children .
A man and woman seated at a table converse while another couple , standing at the bar behind them , does the same .
A band playing in an outdoor theater , along the river .
The two old grandmother is talking each other .
A woman wearing a pink shirt showing a man with a striped sweater how to do some work with yarn .
a little boy sitts on top of a big rock .
A man having a beer and roasting a hotdog the old fashioned way on a stick over a fire pit .
A police officer standing next to a crowd of people in sailor suits .
A man in an orange jacket and pants standing in the street looking at a orange truck .
A black and white dog stands neck deep in clear water .
A band is playing music on stage at a concert .
A red-haired woman and a black man stand sharing a microphone while playing violins as part of an ensemble .
A young girl in a tank top is practicing keyboard .
A child wearing a yellow jacket is jumping down from a rock .
A woman is reading a card while sitting on an end of a couch , while another woman is standing next to her holding a glass to drink .
Five construction workers in hard hats and yellow vests are busy at work .
A bald headed man with a beard holding an electric shaver on a beach .
A blond-haired woman wearing a blue shirt unwraps a hat .
Two men are behind an organ with very large organ pipes and one onlooker in the background .
A young blond-haired man speaks into a microphone .
A motel valet man wearing a trench coat pushing a load of luggage .
The black and white dog is running through the bushes .
A group is playing music on stage in front of a crowd of people .
A group of dogs look at each other while standing in the snow .
A man and a woman talk while standing next to a tree .
A dog is jumping playing with a ball that has broken .
an older woman in a sweater stirs a pot of food in the kitchen .
A man in a long gray overcoat stands in a courtyard as snowfalls .
There is a girl in a Puma jacket being hugged from behind by another girl .
A little boy in a samurai costume holds a toy sword as he stands in front of a stroller .
A guy with curly hair is skateboarding along a gray ramp with yellow letters .
A man wearing black is moving a table top in an empty room .
A group of young people are riding a speedboat on the water .
A man in a yellow shirt stands in front of a gray concrete building .
A woman in a blue shirt and jeans is throwing something away in a dumpster .
A woman in a red dress and black mask is on a crowded dance floor
A windsurfer in the waves of the ocean .
A group of Chinese people on a bus wearing matching clothing .
A monster truck gets stuck in a muddy hole .
one football player in a red jersey jumping onto a player wearing a white jersey
Coach talks with football player , other players and crowd in background .
Two young , blond girls in red and white ball uniforms with people behind them .
A man in a white shirt is walking on a football field in front of some players .
A man in a red football uniform and helmet looks to the left .
A boy in black clothes is doing a cartwheel on the beach .
A group of people stand on a brick path .
a man in a green shirt is kissing a crying toddler whilst watching runners in a road race .
Five men are playing musical instruments together on a stage .
Three women are sitting on a blanket on the ground with a baby , and are talking and having a good time .
A man and a boy adorned in red and gold ring bells during some type of ceremony .
A man in a black shirt is holding a child wearing sunglasses .
The gray dog is jumping through the grass with water in the background .
The girl with the long ponytail prepared to throw the ball to another player on the field .
This is an image of two men during a match of karate and a display of fighting skills .
A girl in a red and white shirt and blue shorts is getting ready to throw a ball .
A man sitting outside making something with some kind of tool .
A brown dog runs on the sand , holding a stick .
A person canoeing on water with a black background .
A man in a red and white striped shirts sits on a stool at a hotdog stand .
A photographer eyes his next subject in a garden of tulips .
Two men in Fez 's have a discussion in an outdoor market .
A man and a boy are outside playing with a dog in the evening .
A hot air balloon touching down with a man 's shadow in the background .
a man wearing a red , gray and blue shirt and a hat .
A woman wearing a coat having her face painted with metallic face paint .
The Mother and her child loves to play at the park .
A crowd of people stand in street in front of a series of white tents .
Lots of people are walking they participate in a parade
A dark-haired woman wearing a blue blouse and sunglasses holds a banner while a young girl with braided hair writes on the banner .
Two women and many children are walking single file down the street .
A cowboy wrangling a horse in a rodeo as the horse does a back kick
A couple kissing at their wedding after saying , " I do " .
two emergency response workers are putting blocks underneath a train .
Man working on the railroad in a railroad station .
A man in a hard hat and orange safety vest stands near a wall holding a tray while a man in a blue hard hat watches .
A mariachi band plays a song on the sidewalk .
Men in orange suits watching a machine dig near what looks to be subway tracks .
Pedestrians walk on a sidewalk next to a grassy , wooded field .
There is a chocolate brown dog running in water .
A man and a woman are walking in the middle of a street .
A man with a ski cap and neon yellow jacket looking down with a tree behind him .
Two children wearing yellow rain jackets are playing in the mud .
There are multiple people going over a loop on an inverted roller coaster .
A mother and a child are interacting in a retro-styled room .
A group of people stand in a loose line on a brick ground .
A lady wearing a red and white polka dot swim cap is swimming in a pool .
A boy with an orange shirt smiles , while a boy in a blue shirt looks on .
A little girl stands in a puddle on the concrete , shrowded in darkness .
A small blond girl is holding a sandwich .
Four people checking out and possibly repairing one of their bicycles .
A very wet brown dog is emerging from the water .
A little dog is bringing back a ball on an open grass field .
A group of people wait behind a barricade and look toward the right .
A child wearing a red sweatshirt is hanging upside down from a tree .
A carnival game operator takes the money of two willing contestants .
The young boy with brown hair is wearing a orange shirt with blue stripes has a great big smile .
Two little kids without shirts are sitting down facing each other .
A man wearing a red jacket stands on the shore of a lake with a yellow kayak .
Some people are walking through a tourist attraction .
A blond woman sits beside three other men and stares down at the counter
A small blond child jumping from one bed to another .
A little boy in a Winnie the Pooh T-shirt is waiting to swing his red bat .
The man is talking on his cellphone in front of a sports store .
Two women are talking to a young boy while playing cards .
A woman in a blue shirt playing a wind instrument .
A city street crowded with pedestrians outside a building with illuminated blue words .
A man sitting in clear shallow water beside a large rock face .
A man and woman wearing backpacks are standing near a tall tree stump with a stone wall in the background .
four goth looking people walking down a street with trees in the background
Four people are strapped into some kind of amusement park ride .
A young man jumps in the air on a skateboard .
A man in a blue shirt is building a sand castle at the beach .
A black dog is chasing a smaller brown dog over grass .
Multiple martial artist 's pose with their hands in the air .
A baseball player , a woman with Frisbees , and a dog in front of blue bleachers .
A black dog standing in some grass holding a white plastic item in its mouth .
A boat with people and their belongings is in the water .
A cyclist donning blue and white is leading a pack of cyclists .
Three people are sitting outside at a table with artwork leaning against it .
A man and woman walk on a sidewalk while the man puts his hand up to his mouth .
A man in a stone street painting a picture while children are milling about
A dog is perched up against a tree looking at the top .
A woman is being held by a man with black and red paint on his face .
Two dark-haired boys are bending down with marbles in their hands .
Two men waiting in the backseat of a car while the driver gets in to the driver 's seat .
A boy in a hat on a swing .
A black man is watching another black man playing in the waterfall .
A white person in black pants is looking at the scenery around them .
This person is in a boat with a display of food laid out on a platform across the boat .
A large crowd stand watching with a large buildings in the background .
Three women in dark shawls and hats talk on a brick street while a dog sits next to them .
an older man in a white shirt prepares raw meat on a stick
A person with neon pink hair and yellow shirt is looking out across a beach .
A man walks past a woman on a sidewalk as he looks back at her .
A male in a black shirt and brown cargo pants holding a shovel above his head .
A man haves fun with a lady friend by sticking out his tongue .
One child is walking ahead of the other .
A girl in a white shirt poses and smiles as someone holds up a peace sign behind her .
A young baby , dressed in a pink fleece outfit , smiles while laying in autumn leaves .
A woman with bright red-hair and red eyebrows talks to someone outside .
A soccer player wearing a green shirt is jogging on the field .
A woman runs along side her dog as he jumps a hurdle .
Some in a group of young students sitting on a rug are raising their hands .
At a naval yard , a man in a white Navy officer 's uniform is standing by two older men having a discussion .
A medium sized white dog is jumping up to catch a small cloth Frisbee .
A man sitting on a bus with his head down .
A black dog jumps in a body of water with a stick in his mouth .
Two dogs running in the grass along a pathway that leads to a building .
Four people are outside carrying garbage bags and wearing rubber gloves .
Camels resting in a desert village as the sun reflects off the dust and the mountains in the background .
Five dogs play in a large fenced yard bordering a group of autumnal trees .
A man in the military is sitting at a table talking into a microphone .
A group of Asian people at an auto show stare and take picture of a new vehicle .
A man wearing goggles is swimming in a pool .
A blond woman in a white outfit is reading a book on a brown couch .
A football is airborne near a man in gray sweatpants and some other people .
A girl in a white shirt blowing bubbles .
A group of children taking a group shot with a clear blue sky behind them .
A child in an orange shirt jumps off bales of hay while other children watch .
A boy is doing a stunt with his skateboard .
A man in a beige shirt installing communications equipment .
A baby girl in a bib is eating a cheese stick in her highchair .
Four children carrying backpacks turn to face the camera and smile as they walk down a country road .
A man has bleached tips in his Afro style hair and is on a cellphone .
Soft large discs are being stacked on a spindle in an industrial environment by one man as another looks on .
The black and white dog is running on the grass .
A woman and a young child has fun while playing a board game .
Four teenage boys sit on concrete in front of a sign .
A dog knocking over potted plants in a yard covered in leaves .
Two painters standing on a ladder are painting the outside of a business , with a man in a red burgundy shirt talking on a cell .
Some men are looking at a computer screen in an office .
A woman with multicolored hair , wearing a leopard print jacket and red glasses , shows a woman in a yellow-check scarf something on a camera .
A blond women in a brown cowboy hat makes an obscene gesture toward the camera .
A white and brown dog is leaping through the air .
A teenager reading a book in class with notes on her desk looking bored .
Little girls who are dressed up play in the falling autumn leaves .
A bride adjust her husbands flower on his coat as she holds her own bouquet of flowers .
A man in a black tuxedo and a woman in a wedding dress pose with a bouquet of orange and red roses .
Two women with their baby strollers walking along a leaves covered street .
A group of women dressed as characters from star treck .
This old Asian woman rests and fans herself on an apparently hot day in the city .
Two women in bikini 's on the beach playing volleyball .
A man with glasses and a little girl with a life jacket swimming in a pool .
A boy and two girls , all wearing brown shirts and blue jeans , are jumping in the air .
A woman setting up for a curling competition .
Someone is carrying an excessive amount of heavily loaded bags .
Boy wearing a gray sweatshirt playing with a toy airplane .
A boy stands goofily in the middle of a social gathering .
this Child is in a ClassRoom , finished for the day , maybe
A man in dark shorts is windsurfing on a clear day .
Children are staring out the window of a blue building with red shutters .
A man wearing glasses and black clothing is sitting while a man in a vest drinks in the background .
A woman and her two kids are on the beach and the woman is leaping high into the air .
A man walks down an empty street noticing objects in the road before him .
A BMW rider takes a large jump off a wall .
The man in the blue jacket is walking in a crowd of people past an English pub .
a young blond woman wearing a yellow shirt walking down a sidewalk .
Two woman stand on a building ledge and look down on a city .
Two dogs run around together in the field .
The people are dressed in heavy layered clothing , and are motioning together .
A room filled with people in a restaurant .
A young woman in a black shirt is taking an elevator down with her luggage , and is gazing back in a distressed way .
A room full of sitting and standing adults and children , and eight pink and black balloons hanging from the ceiling .
A man and a woman with a red book , both dressed in black .
Two dogs are running and playing in the snow
A white dog is jumping on the street .
A man wearing a black t-shirt is playing seven string bass a stage .
An old man in orange is holding a cane and looking at a younger male .
A girl wearing a white shirt , black shorts , and a headband is playing volleyball .
A man wearing a red hat looks down as another man watches .
A boy in a blue shirt is standing at the foot of a hill with a snowball in his hand .
Someone is parasailing on a blue and yellow parasail .
Two people in official type clothing each riding on a dark horse , down an area surrounded by trees with a man in the background holding a gun .
A dog running through deep snow pack .
A medium sized group of people pose in front of the camera .
A white and brown dog is laying down on a red jacket with a rodent standing on it .
Two teenage girls hold a card referring to periods as they smile .
A mother and son are sledding down a snowy slope with smiles on their faces .
A man wearing a black t-shirt is preparing a meal following directions from a recipe book .
A woman in a white shirt plays a black guitar .
A snowboarder is jumping in the air next to the ski lift .
people having some lunch after a church service in san antonio , texas united states
A man in a hat plays an unusual instrument for cash next to the metro exit .
A boy rides a skateboard with a bike to his right .
A woman in a white shirt and black pants hula hoops as a large group of people look on .
A man speaks into a microphone being held by another man .
Two men in red robes performing martial arts .
A young child rides a bike on a rough dirt path .
A child wearing a hat and jacket is outside running on a stone surface .
A crowd looking at a group of people wearing red shirts and white pants .
Three elderly men are sitting next to each other .
Two boys smile from within their makeshift tent of towels and blankets .
A woman in winter clothing kneels next to a small brown and white dog in the snow .
two men with a lot of electrical equpiment on a table in front of them .
A woman carrying a Trader Joe 's grocery bag has fallen asleep on the train .
A bicyclist is doing a trick in midair .
A young man in a green sweatshirt reads a newspaper on the beach .
Some men stand around a wall which has purple and pastel green graffiti .
A man is climbing a steep rock wall with a safety harness on
A young man rides a self built bicycle across the street .
Two brown dogs wrestle on the grassy hill .
A woman bundled in an orange coat is walk in front of glass windows .
A foreign woman is sitting with a lot of colorful fabric .
Two boys inside a fence jump in the air while holding a basketball .
A man wearing glasses at the microphone is looking down at some paper in his hand .
Brown hair little girl dressed in a green and white shirt and blue jeans plays with balls .
A person with a tattooed arm holds a frying pan over a mixing bowl .
Three people are dancing in front of a man playing a guitar .
A group of numbered participants walk down the street together .
A man wearing a shirt containing cherries is pulling a cart with bags on it .
Three large dogs enjoy a romp in the snow .
A white bird grazes above the water .
Community gathers outdoors together and wear bunny ears .
A yellow car speeds along a snowy field .
A group of men in a darkened room , playing musical instruments .
People in a conference room having a meeting that involves a Mac computer and a presentation .
A woman is in front of a slide show , the current slide says ' objectives ' .
A female rugby player runs with a rugby ball during a match .
Ballplayers in blue and white uniforms are on the field playing baseball .
A woman and two boys are looking at a sheet of paper by an information kiosk .
A group of people running a charity marathon .
Some people are on a snow-covered mountain holding ski poles and wearing backpacks .
A group of people bundled in cold weather clothing standing in an empty lot with a forest in the background .
There is a little child in a snowsuit on red skies in the snow .
The two little sisters in their pink pajamas are playing with their dollhouse and getting along so well .
A woman and child riding camels near the ocean .
A man is smiling with one hand on his forehead at a crowded bar .
A group of people on a crowded sidewalk boarding a double-decker bus .
Two black men look at camera while hanging out next to a cart that is pulled by a human .
A puppy runs in a grassy field , a dirt road in the background .
Tiny restaurant with meat handing in display .
A snowboarder dressed in yellow makes a jump .
Asian woman in postal delivery uniform is pushing a large pile of packages .
A woman in a white shirt with red pants bicycling across a bridge .
A woman wearing white reaches high above herself to hit a tennis ball .
A blond girl plays the cello in a plywood-paneled room .
Man in dark colored clothing holds bouquet of paper wrapped flowers .
A lady stand in front of a red truck holding her dog .
A young boy is holding a black electric guitar .
A woman in a red shirt sitting at a desk at a music academy .
A family enjoying the Christmas holiday together in a living room .
a brown dog with a yellow toy in his mouth is jumping off the grassy ground
A man in bullfighting regalia rides a bull 's back .
Naked children bathe outside under a stream of water .
A brown and white dog jumping in the air near a wooden fence .
A crowd in stands holding up the letters " K " , " R " , " U " , " N " , and " C " .
a tennis player wearing a yellow , white and blue shirt carrying a racquet
Two little girls are smiling in blue dresses .
A little girl in a pink tutu practices dancing with scarves .
A man and a woman are running and jumping on top of a hill .
Several women , dressed in colorful costumes , are performing a dance .
A man is riding his bicycle through the woods .
Several people are walking beside a white fence in a foreign country .
A woman with long hair pointing her camera skyward as she stands on a brick wall .
A woman who is wearing white shorts , yellow top and white sandals appears to be throwing a stick .
One man is riding a dirt bike while wearing a red and white protective suit and helmet .
A little girl of Asian descent , is sitting in a black bucket eating a marshmallow , with a big smile on her face .
Two white , long-haired dog are in a hallway on a wooden floor .
A toddler in red and blue is watering a tree while sucking his pacifier .
A teenage boy on a bicycle does tricks .
The guy in the black sweater is looking onto the table below .
One man in a red shirt and another in a gray shirt walking down a courtyard .
a lady hangs from a tree with blue stuff tied around her .
A young barefoot girl wearing a helmet walks down a mossy covered fallen down tree .
A black dog is jumping over a multicolored barrier .
During a soccer game , a boy in blue attempts to kick the ball .
a crew of cycling member getting ready for a race .
Man in ring bending backwards with a bull behind him .
A child is playing with two white and black geese .
Little brown and white dog running on the sidewalk .
Two young kids putting their heads in the bodies of a king and queen
Two construction workers tying something to a crane .
A black poodle plays with another dog in a dry field .
Several people are enjoying a cigarette near an ashtray .
A white dog with brown marks jumps from the bank into the water .
A person in a jacket and wearing jeans kneels down to take a picture of a graffiti-laden wall .
A little girl in a pink dress is carrying a big vinyl ball outside in the grass .
A man with blue boxing gloves is throwing punches .
A group of young people posing in the air on a sandy beach .
A woman playing the violin with posters in the background .
People are walking along an icy pass .
a skateboarder has kicked his board up onto its back wheels in an indoor skate center .
Three men walking in front of a colorful tent with a sign on it .
a girl in a green top is blowing the seed from a dandelion in a green field .
Kid in a green and yellow windbreaker practicing karate
A young woman in a black tank-top directs her friends on a sports field .
A young girl wearing a dress and sandals runs in the grass .
A smiling man in naval officers uniform stands next to a woman with purple hair .
People are dancing and clapping there hands .
A man and a woman are holding hands as they walk along a city sidewalk .
A young man is playing an organ while an old man in a yellow shirt watches .
Three people are standing on a lit stage while groups of people sitting at tables face them .
A race car kicks up dust as it speeds down a gravel racetrack .
A group of people in dark clothing gathered around a man in a black shirt .
A bearded bald man in a tan striped shirt rests his head on another man 's arm .
A boy plays soccer in a field near an apartment building .
A person wearing a yellow coat rides a bike past some snowy rocks .
A long-haired man in the water is swinging his head causing the water to spray in a spiral .
Two rodeo clowns , one young and one an adult , waiting their ques .
A blond-haired girl lying on grass behind a fence gives " thumbs up " sign as a tortoise walks in front of her .
A mountain biker on a blue mountain bike gets air time .
Person is parachuting while the sun is setting in background .
A waitress stands behind a counter full of cakes .
Two cyclists cross the street on a very breezy California day .
A group of musicians are recording music .
Two swimmers are playing a water sport with a yellow ball and a net .
There is a cafe on a street corner with an oval painting on the corner of its building .
Two boys are back to back as one holds up the other .
Woman with curly red-hair using a telescope on the street .
a girl wearing a british flag decorated hat sitting on the concrete
A woman painting her face while a child with a Mohawk holds a mirror .
An African-American man is standing outside around other people getting ready to throw a dart .
A man in a blue shirt rides a unicycle with flaming batons in hand .
A little girl is outside putting her hand out to touch the water from the sprinkle .
Four young kids playing on a porch while a man stands on the steps .
Man holding a baby propped between two buildings about two feet apart photographed from below .
Woman with two medals around her neck , holding up seven fingers .
A soccer player tackles a player from the other team .
Two girls are eating cake and one has blue icing on her face .
A woman in a black shirt is taking a helmet off a little kid .
A crowd is outside watching someone in the center of them .
A little boy in a purple shirt and blue shorts playing with orange balls .
A young blond girl standing on a pillow on a bed smiling with her eyes closed .
A man wearing a big white hat and a logo t-shirt is playing guitar and singing .
Man with Mardi Gras Beads around his neck holding pole with banner
A young woman and a young man are stretching for a lesson in dance class .
A man is taking a photo of another man and his two dogs on some grassy hills
A man in black and white is holding a torch in front of a crowd .
A large black dog runs along a fence in the grass .
A bicycle rider flies over a hill while a competitor is not far behind .
There is a woman riding a bike down the road , and she popped a wheelie .
A black dog jumps into the water to get a Frisbee while a boat sits in the back .
A man in a black jacket and black hat plays a trumpet outside .
A person in green pants on a snowboard above the snow covered ground .
An indian man sits outside of a restaurant at a table .
Three men in suits are posing for a photo with their hands together .
A small black dog is standing on two feet and wearing a pink tutu .
A boy in jeans , black t-shirt , and blue cap on a bike , leaps over steps .
A man and toddler are walking along the beach in front of the ocean .
Several men walk in front of " On The Roxx " Bar and Grill that serves pizza and Coors Light .
A large dog is jumping in a fountain while a man in a black T-shirt and vest stands nearby .
A worker at a seafood farm pulls up a rope seeded with muscles for harvesting .
Two men are out on a bright , sunny day attempting to catch some fish on the lake .
A man holding a rod with a paintbrush attached , painting a billboard .
A vendor sits in the middle of a display of glasses at a street market in an Asian country .
A couple wearing white shirts are walking down the street while using their cellphones .
the little girl with the green necklace is running away from the net .
A female artist is painting a painting of a city .
Two Asian children , a boy and a girl , are standing on the floor next to a tree .
A line of several people standing on the street side .
Two teams , one in pink and one in white , play lacrosse on a field .
A man is hooked to a zipline and stepped off the platform
A dog swims in water with a blue and green tennis ball in its mouth .
A small blue car with covered cargo on top and filled with people .
With a tub resting on its outer roof , flags attached , the car is ready to take off for the rally .
A trumpet player wearing a blue shirt and red tie performs .
A male metal worker using a welding tool in his right hand , while holding the mask in his left hand , in a mid-lower or lower class neighborhood .
Brightly dressed women gathering around a blue and white striped umbrella .
A mid-age women busy in making woolen sweaters sitting in her stall .
Street vendor straightening merchandise on the table .
Three men stand around a cart near some motorcycles .
The bank teller is waiting for a customer .
Man red jacket wears an apron and stands against the backdrop of a colorfully painted wall .
A man watching 4 computer screens in a closed office with a window in the background .
Two people are riding their bicycles on a dirt road
A young girl wearing sandals carries what appears to be bedding of some sort .
A child that is on the bank of a lake pointing something out in the sky .
Two budding rock stars practice on their guitars .
A man in a white shirt and khaki pants crouches on a fallen tree trunk .
Two young men are getting ready to sail on their blue boat while two women sit and watch .
A wide-eyed person brandishes an axe while wearing a fur hat and traditional medieval garb .
Three people are playing near the ocean as the waves crest near them .
A man in a yellow top stand in front of a small shack , as viewed from above through wire mesh .
A girl is smelling a mushroom that a woman is holding up to her face .
Two women are standing outside a store wearing pink shirts and jeans .
A man in a black jacket is riding a horse on a public sidewalk .
A large black dog is digging in the deep snow .
His back facing us , a young man photographs a lovely mountain lake scene under a hazy sky .
A brunette woman in a robin 's egg blue apron is milking a brown animal .
Protesters protesting age discrimination on the main streets after refusing a word from their employer
Two young girls playing basketball , one in white attempting a layup while the other in red defends .
A woman is doing a cartwheel while wearing a bikini in the sand next to the beach .
A man with a brown shirt , gray vest and black cap plays an electric bass .
A woman sniffs at the remnants of drink in her companion 's glass .
A boy lying on a hospital bed with his leg hanging over the side .
A man in a black shirt is talking to a man squatting down wearing a white shirt .
A dog 's mouth opens to expose its sharp teeth .
A man is pouring something into a container on the floor and a woman dressed in white is looking on .
A man lays down on a snowbank that has piled up high around the front door of his house .
A small girl wearing denim overalls and a flowered skirt reaches out to pet a seated deer .
A woman with black hair , wearing a black top and a red skirt is shaking her fist at somebody .
An older man in a suit is being wheeled on his wheelchair through a bookstore by a young man in a sweater .
Two dogs are laying in the snow with their mouths open .
A woman smiles as she cleans the floor with rags while a child lies recumbent on the sofa .
Two centers , one wearing white and the other yellow , face off in a National Hockey League game .
The marathon runners draw the race to a close as their supporters Cheer !
Five dancers with their hands above their heads wearing foreign costumes .
Two children riding inside atop an elephant harnessed with a riding pack , while an adult male watches on .
A young adult wearing jeans and a camouflage t-shirt playing a black electric guitar .
A man in a yellow costume stands facing a woman in a white hat .
A lonesome teenager peers at a beach full of potential friends .
A gaseous cloud churns above a large group of people in a dark courtyard .
The large black dog is digging in the snow .
three cold men set down their supplies in a ditch .
A cashier with a black goodies sweatshirt is counting change .
A black boy is cutting another black boy 's hair with a razor .
Here is a picture of a teenager trimming his brother 's head hair .
A group of people are standing outside taking pictures .
Pottery and cars are shown in a parking lot with a man in a blue outfit is leaning against the front of his car .
Two men in coat stand at a table with beakers and alcohol bottles .
A small crowd of businessmen wait for their subway train .
A group of children sitting in chairs with monitors over them .
A man is singing into a microphone while his band plays .
Fans at a concert helping the lead singer sing his song .
An elderly person is wearing a clue cap and brown jacket while sitting outside in front of a cutting board .
A man is standing beside a ladder facing it with tree debris all around him .
A waitress in a white t-shirt serving guests at a restaurant .
Blond-haired man wearing a black fleece jacket sculpting .
A young gymnast in white poses while a red ball is suspended beside her .
A person in a black winter coat and a scarf is carving a snow sculpture with a knife .
Man in blue coat is being pulled in a dog sled by two dogs .
A band is playing a piece while a man in a white shirt conducts .
Two Asian girls playing paper , rock , scissors .
A group of youths , one wearing a t-shirt labeled " L.A. City Lounge South " , are working on a craft project that involves the use of flour .
A young girl is playing a musical instrument and singing into a microphone .
A man playing Mike Tyson 's Punchout on his computer .
A man that looks like he has been hit is lying on the ground in front of some junk .
scene of a person shoveling snow citizens walking around in a cold winter environment
A group of people in plaid skirts , black vests and white-collared shirts are playing drums .
A girl in black leggings and a red jacket is practicing figure skating .
A group of people are running a marathon in winter .
Three smiling people are behind a microphone , in front of a tent and a flag .
A black man in a chef 's coat is on the phone while two other men in aprons laugh .
A young girl dressed in nice springtime clothes is strolling on a lawn by a man-made creek and pond .
A brunet male in a brown blazer talking to an audience at a comedian show .
two small children , a girl and a boy , dressed in white on a state posing in ballet poses .
A man and a woman walk down the sidewalk with a stroller and a young boy on a scooter .
The band Lynyrd Skynyrd performing on a stage that has trees painted on a red background .
Two people sit on a bench and watch a boat on the water .
Big green leafy trees growing on a busy street .
People hanging out indoors as one walks toward the door .
A group of grown men walking are walking down the street playing instruments .
This man seems to be trying to make some kind of political statement in a busy city .
Two asian children grab hands while in a piece of playground equipment .
A man is sitting on door steps in front of a house .
A few people are walking on a street through a busy city on a nice day .
A man in a white apron and hat is selling meat on a busy street .
A woman with dark curly hair wearing a green and yellow scarf and a dark jacket .
An elderly Asian woman is wearing a beret , sunglasses , a yellow scarf , and a plaid jacket .
Seven people by a building decorated with stone pillars by the street .
A man and woman veterinarian checking on a very large tiger laying on the ground .
A couple is looking in a window at a man dressing the mannequin .
a young man sitting in the middle of a dirt road pointing up the road .
A man and a boy are sitting next to a barbecue and examining it .
Three ladies enjoying a stroll on a cold , foggy day .
An asian person is talking on a cellphone on the street while wearing a blue coat .
A man works on top of a metal trap door in front of a bike shop .
A little girl that is hiding behind a blue barrier .
A young man is getting something to eat at a donut concession stand .
An old man sits on a low chair with a yellow tray on his lap .
An African American man in a tan hat , suit , and sunglasses is standing by a brick wall .
i do n't see a picture i do n't see a picture i do n't see a picture i do n't see a picture
Black people are at the grocery store to get there food .
A middle-aged man holds two boys hands as they cross a street .
Man in a suit smoking a cigar and reading a paper walking on the street .
These men in white suits with guitars look like they are at a Mardi Gras parade .
A dog is jumping in the air to catch an orange Frisbee .
Several people standing on a subway platform .
Three children in a black dog kennel .
A man in a gray shirt talks to a young woman in a white jacket in front of a church .
An elderly woman using a pink umbrella to shade herself from the sun .
A child slides across home base during a game of children playing baseball .
Two women in blue suits are sitting on the cement outdoors with concrete and long shaped glass windows behind them .
A man sitting with an elderly homeless person in a park .
A man in a blue shirt is holding a sign that says " Come on now ... what 's gayer than tea . "
A woman in a green shirt and a man in a black jacket join others in walking down a sidewalk .
Two women sitting in silver chairs waiting for a train or subway in an indoor station .
A crowd of people are gathered at the start sign for the walk .
A young boy carries a green , white , and red flag and walks next to a woman .
A man is standing on a stage playing an instrument in front of a crowd of people .
A man in a black and white striped shirt photographing a woman by a fountain .
A girl opening her bottled drink while having lunch with a friend .
A military official showing a video from a digital camera to a young boy .
A man pushing a blue arm chair down the sidewalk as people are walking past him .
A man holding a microphone speaking to a group of people outside .
two older men are discussing something on a street corner with graffiti in the background .
A girl with face paint and an orange sweater stands with her party .
A person is standing next to a wooden fence with flowering trees nearby .
An athletic woman is kickboxing a punching bag , practicing her skills .
A man displays his food on the outside counter of his restaurant .
Man sitting down at table apparently in thought with billboard of women 's face in background .
A football player is sandwiched between two football players on the opposing team .
A man is letting a child in a brown jacket ride on his shoulders .
A man in a black apron beside a huge grill filled with sorted meats .
Street scene of blond woman in gold coat and pink mini-skirt in front of a rear-facing police motorcycle .
Six men in uniform here are paired up and performing identical movements as people in the background watch .
A white blond lady wearing a blue bag riding a scooter .
A redheaded woman is closing her eyes on a day with a dark atmosphere .
A group of people are sitting at a table outside having drinks and talking .
A little girl is running on pavement while a woman is walking behind her .
A woman is walking across the street with 4 children .
Women in ethnic clothing sing together .
A grandmother prepares snacks for her granddaughter .
A girl in shorts and white top grilling meat on a bar-b-que
Cop wrestle one man with his hand sticking up in the air as other cops watch .
A man with a big white e on his shirt sings into a microphone on stage .
Two teenage boys are walking together down the sidewalk in a city .
Two girls play on a tree branch , one of them holds s dog
A sexy middle-age lady got her photo taken in front of a building .
A couple is walking along a footbridge with a view of an auto bridge in the distance .
Three women run barefoot on the sand towards the water .
A young child is sitting on the hood of a low-rider on a busy street .
Two men , seated side-by-side , look at something on a computer that one man is pointing to with a pen .
A group of people is walking down the street carrying green and red flags .
A man in a gray hat and tank top with black shorts doing a handstand .
A woman in a pink shirt is holding an upset looking baby over her shoulder .
A lady holding a purse stands in an airport while a security guard watches behind her .
A smiling man carrying a girl while running through water .
The man in black tries to amuse the lady in white by picking his nose .
A man is walking down the street wearing blue jeans and carrying some bags .
A man wearing olive drab clothing is holding himself up off the ground with his hands .
Two men with cameras shoot stand as one of them takes a shot .
Man and woman in black stand close together on the street .
A group of people on a stage at the J.P. Morgan Corporate Challenge .
A young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing .
A man wearing swim trunks is cooling off after a dive in the water .
There is a young woman dressed in green and red with a Mexican flag face-painted on her cheek .
A mountain biker catching some after taking off a ramp on a trail .
Two women dressed in all white and wearing high heels are walking on the street .
A large white building with many palm trees in front and a man with his hands in his pockets walking by .
A well built black man stands in the subway , listening to headphones .
Two men engage in conversation in an outdoor setting while additional people stand and sit nearby .
A woman is looking at an unusually designed house with a small gate .
A woman in a blue and red uniform is rollerskating .
A woman in a black dress and fluffy earmuffs walking down the street .
Steam rises from a hot grill while a man cooks at an outdoor food stand .
People trying out foods from a local bakery at a local potluck .
A red brick building on a street with very few people and a bicycle next to the door .
A group of people standing outside with a woman with blue hair .
A kid in a broncos football team jersey and hat is standing at a tailgating party .
Clown at a circus making a balloon toy for a woman .
A guy with a long blue dress like clothing piece with blue socks and sandals on walking into a concrete building .
A lady in a bright pink shirt is pulling a hot food cart .
A girl with blue hair and a blue shirt is standing near a group of people .
A group of beach-goers are holding hands forming a line facing the water , down the beach .
A man sits outside of a store playing violin with his case open on the floor , waiting for offerings .
A lot of people walking on a dirt road , wearing summer clothes on a sunny day .
Two people , one wearing a blue suit and the other one wearing orange is sitting in an audience .
A man wearing a baseball hat using public transportation .
A man in a red shirt in the doorway of a laundry mat .
A man in a suit and tie in a fancy building is speaking at the podium .
Man sleeping in a couch in a sitting position wearing a blue jeans and a plaided shirt
Five men all of whom are wearing white coats are standing next to lambs in an enclosed area
Two speed boats racing across the water while creating a large spray of water behind them .
A group of four people are being photographed from a car .
A large group of people are standing between buildings outside .
Two girls are wet and behind them is a woman holding an open umbrella .
A woman in white holds some roses standing next to a young girl also in white .
A young woman in " street clothes " and boots by a lake performing a ballet move .
A man an woman pause while walking up stone steps so she can show him photos on a digital camera .
Several men look out the window while a woman in sunglasses leans on a wall nearby .
Several men standing on a parade float traveling through a street crowded with people .
An unkempt frowning old man with white hair is sitting in front of a chain-linked fence .
This is a young man getting some airtime on his skateboard .
A man wearing a black backpack is walking beside a graffiti filled wall .
two people in sombreros walking down the street holding hands .
A lady in a purple top and a white skirt is watching a marching parade .
A man riding a dirt bike in down a hill in competition .
A woman in leopard print leggings pushes a stroller while a man in a blue dress shirt walks by her on the street .
A young man sits on the floor in a room full of bags , suitcases and packages .
A woman with a light purple dress and bright hot pink shoes is sitting at a table drinking water and coffee .
A woman in a black dress walks on a sidewalk of New York City during the day .
Two men , one man selling fruit the other inspecting the fruit and conversing with the seller .
a couple hugging with other people standing around in front of some buildings
A man in a black hat is standing with a group of people inside a stadium .
Two people with backpacks take a picture of something high above them , while standing in a crowd .
A couple sits on a bench talking , while a woman walks a dog in the background .
Middle-aged women in short skirts and heels stroll down a sidewalk .
Children play in a shallow pool next to a large image of a girl 's face .
A man pushing a cart of leaves down the sidewalk .
A balding man in red sunglasses wearing a green shirt standing in front of a building .
A boy wearing a hat and swim trunks stands on the beach while holding his towel .
Four people are standing at a rail looking at the ocean .
A colorful night market with various fruits and vegetables on display .
A tattoo artist applying tattoo ink to the skin .
A formally dressed man takes pictures of architecture in front of a dramatic row of statues .
A couple walks down an isles at a store selling art and history books .
A man in a gray shirt and black shorts sitting in a chair smiling in a hospital room .
The beautiful oriental building is being occupied .
A thin man rolls a metal ball on his arm while several people watch .
A negro male in a white t-shirt and a black hat sitting on the curb texting .
A middle eastern boy is wearing a black shirt and carrying a blue bag and a blue bucket .
A young dark-haired woman with red sun visor holding an open white umbrella amidst a crowd of people
A young man is holding a small boy who is wearing a backpack in front of a derelict building in a poor country .
This man is racking the billiard balls on the purple pool table .
A group of young girls dressed in mostly black are sitting .
A girl in a black tank with cargo shorts to what appears to be dancing with several people around .
A lady with two kids dressed in black jumpers looking at a girl with a pink jacket while a man and a woman talk behind the lady .
A man and woman pushing strollers are walking by some people who are selling items in tents .
A woman with blue hair , red gloves , striped socks and a black and white dress is holding still .
A construction worker in an orange vest lays down cobblestones .
An old ( Asian ) woman wearing a straw hat , maroon pants and mismatched blouses is sitting between two bicycles .
A man lounges in his room without eating for days .
A strange looking wood trailer is parked in a street in front of stores .
A woman with short hair and a tank top is holding something up in her hand .
Several people are sitting or laying down on a long wooden bench near a fountain .
A guy with long hair , a ball cap , and a blue shirt is smiling as he walks along the boardwalk
A group of mature folk are waving as they walk down a shopping center .
A man in a military uniform training a dog in what appears to be a park .
Young man in a red hat , gray shirt , and jeans , performs a trick in the air with his skateboard .
Some men appear to be discussing something on a boat or ship .
A man dressed in a dark blue jacket and pants sits in the street while wearing old time flying goggles and a hat .
People are crossing a tree lined street in front of a building .
With a roll of toilet paper in reach a male is asleep at his desk .
Someone is standing inside a concrete division and holding a tool .
A woman looks at her cellphone while sitting on stone steps .
A young woman in a pink shirt attempting to rope a calf at the rodeo .
A man and a woman in pink shirts snack with children .
A very young child is sitting in the sink with paint on his body and face and is playing with the kitchen faucet .
The four children are going incredibly fast on the merry-go-round .
Two people , a man and a woman hold signs during a protest that is against censoring artists .
A woman with a hat operates a machine on the wood railing .
An elderly man , wearing navy blue , is sitting on a bench along the street .
You have a middle-aged lady who is taking a picture of a river in her sandals .
An older male in blue jeans and brown coat is resting against an orange building .
A man wearing jeans with a belt and glasses with brown hair scratching his head .
Two young women sitting on a bench across the street from a nightclub .
A man with a gray beard sitting outside on a plastic storage crate .
An older man with tattoos and biker regalia lingers a moment on a city street .
Lone man with a large fishing rod fishing in a inlet .
A man wearing a black jacket and pants sits slumped on a bench , with a banner in Spanish in the background .
A man rides a bike with a shrubbery attached to the back of it .
A boy with glasses wearing a bright yellow shirt is standing in a parking lot .
Some people wander past a wall covered in graffiti .
A mother in a blue beret and blue shoes with her two sons .
two dogs are gnawing at a blue and yellow ball .
A man wearing a bright , multi-color helmet is sitting on a motorcycle .
A dog stares while sitting on a red brick floor , near pale buildings .
Looks like a farmers market , a few tables with various items displayed .
An older woman shows a younger male child a reptilian animal while a young girl sits in the background .
A man in a sleek white shirt gazes into the woman 's eyes while holding on to the back of her black and pink dress .
Some people are running and playing in water spouts .
Four boys posing while one boy sets his drink down .
A woman with a shawl and a bag on her head walks among others along the street .
a street performer in an orange jumpsuit rides a tall unicycle as a crowd watches
A woman wearing a tan vest is sitting in a chair is a crowded street .
A man is standing with his arms crossed at a train station .
Three college age men jump up in the air with a green lawn underneath them .
Singer dives into crowd watching him perform .
A group , dressed in scuba gear , is sitting at the bottom of a pool .
A woman in a striped shirt folds her arms while standing in a grocery store .
Emergency personnel work at the scene of major car accident between a car and a pick-up truck .
Several people wait to checkout inside a store with a warehouse looking ceiling .
Two young women are playing volleyball , one has jumped into the air to hit the ball .
A man in a brown shirt is pouring something granular in to a pool .
People in an indoor gymnasium that has blue walls are working on bicycles .
Two boys are participating in a boxing match .
A woman sits in front of a low table with various raw ingredients on it .
Three men working on a bicycle on a cobblestone street .
A man and woman take a nap near the water with their hats covering their faces .
There is a man wrapped in a blanket of some sort sliding down a hill that is covered in snow .
Man in a black suit smiles at a female in a black sleeveless dress at a formal event .
A sergeant leads his troops in formation inside a large room with lots of flags in the background .
A boy is playing a game with his friends .
A woman in a restaurant is drinking out of a coconut , using a straw .
A smiling woman is wearing sunglasses on a day with sparse clouds .
A somewhat chubby man making hand gestures with a other man at the sink looking at him .
A father is spoon feeding his baby girl , as she smiles .
A young helmeted biker in blue takes to the air while going over small hills .
A baby wearing a crocheted burgundy hat sleeps on a gray mat .
Two children lie beneath the hoof of a bronze horse sculpture .
Two people are standing and waiting for someone to come out of the red phone booth in the city .
An indian woman in a green sari is crocheting .
A kid in red falls as he struggles with a kid in white to get to a soccer ball .
Two children jumping on a screened in blue and black trampoline while outside surrounded by trees .
Two dogs change direction in an uncut field surrounded by low brush .
One man plays guitar while another plays the drums on a stage .
There are people on a snowy mountain and they are hiking with ski poles .
A group of people are near a small river in the middle of a city .
A woman wearing a gray coat looks through a Landscope at a nature center .
A young girl , blond and wearing a polka-dot shirt , washes a stuffed animal in a vanity sink .
A man with a nose ring in his nose is brushing his teeth .
A snow skier flies through the air , while other skiers going up the tow rope look on .
A little girl wearing striped pants , a pink top , and boots follows two older girls on horseback .
A middle-aged red-haired woman , smiling , while drying her hair .
A chef in a red apron and white hat is carving meat from a spit .
A man moving flowers while a woman makes a gesture at him .
A woman and man are both playing music , the man is on the drums the woman is singing .
A man wearing a white hat holds a fish up for a small child wearing a life vest .
Someone in a lime green shirt is holding on to a tree .
A man is mixing something in a large , round pan while several people are around him .
A rollerblading monk with some nice sunglasses prays before doing some sick tricks .
A woman wearing sunglasses and a blue shirt , selling sea shells , looks at an older man wearing a black shirt and a cap .
A man is sweeping floor in building where Female and Males walk on separate sides of the room .
A man in a green shirt is braiding the hair of a girl who is sitting in a chair while wearing purple pants .
A man wearing an orange vest is standing on the street with a bulldozer behind him .
An amputee competes for the gold medal in volleyball in the special olympics .
A middle-aged man chef is in a white doorway of a mobile kitchen .
A baseball player with a red helmet and white pants is tagged by the catcher while running to home base .
You wish your street was as clean as this dudes dirt floor .
Man wearing an purple shirt working in a biology lab .
The Burro handler in taking the burros back to their stall for dinner and a rest .
2 females , 1 from germany and 1 from China , compete in a wrestling match on a mat .
A man and women sleeping outside on a bench .
A man and a woman are sitting on the floor in front of luggage .
A pedicab driving sitting on the side and waiting for his next customer .
Two girls are seated at a table and working on craft projects .
An individual in snow gear running through a snowy field on snowshoes on a bright , winter 's day .
A man in a red harlequin costume leaps across the stage .
A man sitting in the passengers seat of a blue sanitation truck , smiling .
A man in a green hat and gray jacket sits outside on a street corner .
A skateboarder wearing a green and purple hat does a kick flip out of an empty swimming pool .
Man in forest in white shirt , wearing a hat .
A closeup of a child 's face eating a blue , heart shaped lollipop .
A man and woman are working on replacing a bike tire tube .
A little boy in a blue sweater holds up a necklace made of wooden and glass beads .
A man in a gray T-shirt works the bellows to start a fire on a brick oven inside a wooden shed .
A woman in a brown jacket is standing on a rock with a forested background .
A masked martial artist wielding a practice sword against an opponent .
A football player kneeling down in a field with a football in his hands .
A guy in a bright green hoodie is crossing a crosswalk while looking at an accident between some cars and a bike .
The boy is wearing a green and white uniform and running towards a soccer ball .
A competitive runner taking her first sprint in a competition .
Two boxers , one in red and one in blue , strike each other in the face with their left hands .
Four people are sitting or laying on a wooden floor and touching each other .
A man plays a guitar while another man swings his head down while holding tight to a microphone .
Roller derby girl skating with intensity .
A woman in a white T-shirt and a boy in a turquoise shirt are looking in the freezer section of a store .
Two motorcyclists racing neck and neck around a corner .
A uniformed man stands next to a door with arms raised in front of his face .
A man with a disability who does n't have legs is walking with another man who is entered into a marathon .
Multiple bodies collide in a soccer match .
Onlookers stand behind a metal barricade while an Asian man and a black man wearing a nun outfit and red tennis shoes run down the street .
3 jockeys riding horses wearing green , pink , and beige .
A dark-skinned man in white shirts and a black sleeveless shirt flips his skateboard on a cement surface surrounded by tall buildings and palm trees .
One man , wearing a hooded sweatshirt , sitting at a fountain watching the people of the city .
Swimmers stand on various levels of a large diving board complex in a room with figures from mythology painted on the wall .
A little boy wearing an outfit from a different culture is sitting and looking to his left .
A boy in a hoodie is throwing an object into a dirty swimming pool .
Men dressed in costumes take part in a performance as a crowd watches .
Two men are in a boxing ring staring at each other with their guards up .
Two teams of children , one green the other red , play each other in a game of Rugby while it rains .
Female musician pauses her guitar playing to enjoy a moment during a performance .
Young karate participants sparring competitively .
A group of black people performing in orange shirts in front of a fenced off park .
A group of young girls , wearing white shirts and red berets , marching in a band .
A man in a black shirt stuffing a turkey to cook .
Little boy doing a flying kick in a lited room with shadows .
A young boy and his baby brother get excited about picture taking .
A family , grandparents , parents , and children , are sitting in front of a fireplace and a christmas tree opening presents .
A man and a woman are sharing a meal at an outside restaurant .
A skateboarder skates near a high wall as he looks down at the bunch of lumber below .
People boating on a lake with the sun through the clouds in the distance .
Two men dressed in white uniforms , one with black pants , are doing karate .
A boy band and no one even matches someone should have sent a memo .
Eight go kart racers speed around the curves at fast paced speeds as they all race of the same goal of finishing first on their mind as the compete in a race .
Young man in blue snow jacket and blue pants , poses for a picture with the snowman he made .
A thin man talks in front of a seated crowd and explains something with his hands .
A middle-aged man is taping up the knee of a younger football player who is sitting on a trainers table .
A tattooed performer wearing jean overalls and a baseball cap is addressing the crowd on the microphone .
A little girl plays with an miniature electric circuit consisting of three light bulbs and a battery .
An oriental man riding a bike with a basket down a wet street .
A large group of computer gamers are arranged in a row while playing games .
A young boy in green practices juggling in a parking lot .
A little girl in a dotted dress looks back towards a woman in a black dress .
A man looking off into a blurred background with his hand on an unidentified machine .
A crowd of spectators in a stadium watch a nighttime tennis match .
A young boy wearing green goggles and blue pants skiing .
A soccer game is played as two men attempt to reach the ball before their respected opponent .
A woman is standing with her hands on her hips facing the camera while others go about their business in the background .
Toddler in a green shirt is brushing his teeth with a yellow toothbrush , while being supervised by mom .
A man in a red tracksuit holds a lit torch , while another man in the same red tracksuit pushes his wheelchair for him .
A son and his parents are taking a group picture in a church .
Three runners are on a track and two of them are jumping hurdles .
Two men are observing another as he puts the finishing touches on wet cement .
A soldier is looking at binoculars into the mountainous landscape .
A group of children run a footrace in the snow .
A man with braids , a t-shirt , and sweatpants is dancing in front of a crowd of people .
A little girl is making a gesture with her fingers and smiling while a boy laughs in the forefront .
A young man with yellow cleats and a maroon soccer jersey kicks the ball while his opponent in a navy blue soccer jersey jogs to cover him .
A man in a yellow shirt is trying to perform a trick on a bicycle .
A female boxer in a pink sports bra is mid-kick , in the ring with a female boxer wearing a red t-shirt .
Two professional motorbike riders negotiating a tight right corner .
Two men guard the man with the basketball during a game at dusk .
A man wearing riding boots and a helmet is riding a white horse , and the horse is jumping a hurdle .
three weirdly dressed men , playing in some form of musical fiasco .
Man and women look through milk crates full of records or pictures on sale .
A team is working hard to control a large sailboat racing on a lake .
A color guard representing the various arms of the Armed Services march in a parade .
A man holding up a empty glass right in front of the camera .
Male guitarist wearing glasses on stage while lights shine in the back .
Four black children sit in the sand with various empty food containers .
Construction workers chat with one another beside a cement filled hole .
In a parade , a man wearing a red hat and driving a yellow and green old-fashioned truck is waving at the crowd .
Three dogs playing in the green water .
The small child bangs his drum whil looking at an older man doing the same .
Participants are on horses competing in a game
Wearing sound muffling ear protection and special glasses a woman smiles as she fires a gun while a man looks on .
The bike leader pedals for his life as competing countries gain his tail .
A team of soccer players is huddled and having a serious discussion .
A group of people in purple shirts and tan pants all walking in the same direction .
A bearded man in a blue print shirt is playing a brass instrument .
The guy with the jean shorts is at the skate park doing tricks on his bike .
Two women are posing for a picture ; one wearing a white dress , and the other wearing a white and black costume , and tall , red-hair .
a little boy using a drill to make a hole in a piece of wood .
Two people on bicycles , one is wearing white and black and the other is wearing blue and red .
A frisbee is being thrown to the girl while the other girl appears to be asking for it .
A military dentist and his camouflage-clad assistant do dental work on a patient .
Two people eat hamburgers on lawn chairs while a third drinks a can of soda .
Two bicyclers in spandex and blue and yellow helmets riding past graffiti .
At a bowling alley , a man in a black shirt is holding a bowling ball and looking down the lane .
Two men dressed in black with large colored bowties are performing a comedy routine near some bushes in front of a small audience .
Two men are singing and playing guitars outside a cement structure with spectators sitting on steps on their left .
A man in athletic gear is jumping and kneeing another man in the head and chest .
Three people are running a race around a red track .
The San Francisco 49ers running back is tacked by the New York Jets defense .
A group of men bow their heads before a table full of multicolored vegetables .
Two girls in blue dresses with see-through red veils pose on a stage .
A young girl fastens a necklace onto another girl 's neck , while a third watches .
Female runners from Japan , Germany and China are running side by side .
Two women are walking down the beach carrying boards and flippers .
A young boy perched on top of a mountain overlooking the scenery beneath him .
A woman standing on a high cliff on one leg looking over a river .
A woman wearing black shorts and a sweater stands on the sidewalk beside a paved road .
A group of three friends are conversing inside of a home .
Two chinese people are standing by a chalkboard .
A person wearing blue jeans and a red sweater us turning the corner of a brick wall .
People and goats are walking around a muddy field .
An older man is making cotton candy while others look on .
A group of police officers are congregating near their mobile command post .
A elderly white-haired woman is looking inside her register and looking through her glasses .
There is the last of the public telephone located in the state .
A man is exiting a port-a-potty , relieved he can smell fresh air .
