Workers load sheared wool onto a truck .
A long-haired man sleeping on a couch
A boy wearing headphones sits on a woman 's shoulders .
A tent is being set up on the ice .
A man in a red life vest is riding in a canoe .
Girl in red jumping for joy .
Two dogs playing on a beach .
This little boy hitting a ball .
A man in a cluttered office is using the telephone
A girl smiles while holding her bike in a field .
Child stands near edge of cliff .
The man is up in the air .
A group of children look into a barrel .
A woman in an apron shopping at a market .
A woman in a red shirt plays a cello .
Three people are riding around on ATV 's and motorcycles .
Man relaxing in a folding chair on the street .
A group of people are gathered .
A woman sitting in a hut .
The young people party in the streets .
People enjoying drinks in a crowded bar .
A man and a woman are walking across a rope bridge .
A man in a skirt is jumping while juggling knives .
a Starbucks barista offering up a tray of drinks
Two people are on top of the bed of a truck .
Dogs fight in grass over toy .
Toddler playing with baby .
Three men are walking down a road .
A person is parasailing near a beach .
A yellow tractor sits on a hillside .
A girl in a blue tank top winning a race .
A person is crossing the street .
A boy is hanging on monkey bars .
A person with a long-sleeve red shirt laying on a ledge .
A group of people collect around a man in a suit and a little boy .
a woman sits at a dark bar .
A crowd of people fills a square in front of a pagoda .
A man reading a newspaper next to a train .
A dog drinking from a creek .
A young kid at the beach .
Young boy with a broom sweeps a deck in a wooded area .
A man bowls a green bowling ball .
A band performing at a local bar or club .
a man walks his dog near the ocean .
Man driving race car number 7 .
a group of people on stage
Young boy throws a rock into the water .
Woman in white top chats while slicing bread .
A Chinese dragon is walking in front of a building .
A black dog retrieves a cloth from a streambed .
Three dogs on a sidewalk .
Two men in a small boat rowing down a river .
Two girls walking down the street .
A group of young girls peer at a book .
Beach goers look at a heart left in the sky by a sky writer .
Woman in white sweater reading intently sitting on a bench .
An old man gets some barbecue
An older man with glasses looks surprised .
A man in a black wetsuit is surfing on a wave .
A woman with a pink purse is sitting on a bench .
Three women smiling and sitting down .
A red plane flying over a cruise ship .
Man rock climbing looking up the rock
Two men work hard loading up a flatbed truck
A beat up old truck in the heart of a colorful town .
A woman is dancing in front of a shrub .
A man in a gold coat has a gold bicycle in the city .
A baby is looking at a leafy branch .
Janitorial crew at a metro station
Two African-American children playing with water bottles .
People are gathered at an event in the city .
A rock climber climbs a steep mountain .
Man and woman fishing in the ocean .
An upside-down child above a trampoline .
Children are swinging in the air .
Two young men hold a large ball while a third jumps over it .
A couple of army men playing baseball .
A woman is taking the food to the patients .
a motorcycle cop signaling a driver to pull over
A man on a dock is standing by a boat .
Several uniformed people are standing in ceremony .
people walking a sitting in the city streets .
A fireman with his water hose .
A lady painting on a public wall !
Two sisters playing nurse and patient .
Two women are sitting next to each other on the ground .
A person is breaking trail on a snowy hill .
Three men loading a large item onto a fedEx truck .
The brown dog is wearing a black collar .
A brown and white dog is running down a ramp .
A young boy sitting with a book .
A worker is sitting down near a saw .
A child is observing a chicken in a cage .
A boy dressed as Spiderman ringing a door bell
The man holds a light Sabre .
A girl in a polka dot dress singing into a microphone .
Twp children dig holes in the dirt .
People are lying on lounge chairs .
A group of black gentlemen sit sail to go on a fishing trip .
A boy carrying a black trash back on his back
A man in an urban dwelling prepares a meal .
Two men performing on instruments .
Children in a field at dusk .
A brown dog is chewing on a stick .
A man in a green hat poses in the mountains
Boys jump off a bridge into the water .
People laughing and eating cotton candy .
A class of students are raising their hands .
The two women are talking to the blond children .
A guy with a scarf and woven toboggan .
Two people walking across a street .
A man in glasses holds up his dog .
Three little girls watch a band .
The kids are running a relay race .
A Jeep gets wheel high in mud .
A woman takes a picture as it snows .
Man playing guitar in a public place .
A white dog drinks water on a mountain .
oriental lady jumping in the air with joy .
A band is performing on stage .
Four young Protesters , different colored signs , out Protesting .
A man cooking on a grill .
Two men outside drink beers outside with their pet dog .
Children are playing at the playground .
A small child eating fruit and drinking a glass of juice .
Two women and 1 man walking across the street .
Two dogs playing in the snow .
A girl riding a toy horse in a Spider-Man costume
A man in his boat on the lake
Some skiers at a resort .
Men on a canoe ride in the river .
A group of children in the ocean .
a women 's beach volleyball game
a elderly lady and a middle-aged man talk over a table .
Boy kissing woman and girl sticking out her tongue
A white dog swims through the water with a red toy .
Interior of yellow car is filmed .
A family enjoying a day at the beach .
Boy in camouflage crawls on floor .
A little girl donates to the Salvation Army .
A tan dog runs at the beach carrying a yellow ball .
A man poses outside a tourist location .
A woman and a man sit a table in a bar .
A band is playing music on a stage .
Two women are smiling at an event .
Man and woman sitting with yarn and knitting needles .
A child on a rock formation .
A person with a can holds a hotdog on a stick .
A policeman wearing an earpiece at a parade .
a firefighter standing proud in front of his truck .
A dog plays in the water .
Men in a band playing on stage .
2 violinists in front of a microphone and a guitar player in the background .
A man plays a keyboard and sings .
A young boy jumps into water .
Two girls enjoying and sharing their ideas .
People dressed in yellow vests doing work .
A man using a razor in front of a beach .
A woman wearing a blue shirt opens a gift .
Several people are standing in front of an organ .
A man is speaking into a microphone .
A bellhop is pushing a cart .
A brown dog running through tall grass .
A group of people at a concert .
Three dogs in the snow .
Two people are at a park .
a dog playing in a park
A woman is preparing a soup on a stove .
Woman in coat outside a house while snowing
The girl is hugging another girl outside .
A boy in a black cloak with a fake sword .
a skateboarder doing a trick
A man puts away a table .
Man steering a boat full of people
A man in a yellow shirt is using some kind of a device .
A woman tosses a bag of trash into a dumpster .
A group of people are partying at a masquerade party .
A man parasails in the waves .
A group of men are on a bus .
A truck climbs a muddy hill .
Men playing football .
A football coach speaks with a player .
Two girls sit near a wall and watch a sporting event .
A coach in a white polo shirt on a football field
A large football player in a red uniform
A kid is doing a hand-stand on the beach .
They are posing for a picture .
A man kissing a baby at a marathon .
Five members of a band are playing a song .
Three women and a baby sit on a blue blanket outside .
A young and old Hindu ringing bells at a religious ceremony .
A man holding girl at top of a slide
A black dog , running on grass .
A female soccer player throws the ball into play .
Two men competing in martial arts .
A female soccer player is throwing the ball into the field .
Old man reading a device .
A brown dog carrying a stick .
A man rows a boat against a night sky .
A hotdog vendor looks sad .
A man photographing tulips .
Two men talking to each other outside .
Children on the beach with their dog .
A man kneels next to a colorful display outside .
This man is wearing a white cap or hat .
A woman getting her face drawn on .
A toddler in a denim hats plays in a tire .
A group of people at a festival .
A mass of people walk through the park .
A woman and child signing a large white banner .
Many asian children made a train under a viet nam sign .
A young competitor is bronc riding at a rodeo .
bride and groom kissing at their wedding
Two emergency workers looking under a train .
A gentleman working on an assembly line .
Some construction workers doing their job .
A band playing on a sidewalk .
Men in orange suits are working on train tracks .
People are walking around a park area .
a dog pounces into the water .
A man and a woman are walking in a street .
A man dressed in yellow is in a cherry picker next to a stoplight .
Two children in yellow raincoats playing .
People ride upside-down on a roller coaster .
Mother laughing with her child .
The people are waiting in line .
Girl in polka dot cap swimming .
Two boys , one wearing a hat , in a playground .
A little girl in a rain puddle .
Young child eating a cookie .
4 people trying to fix a bike on a park
a dog walks out of the water .
A dog with a ball that is running in a field .
A group of spectators enjoying an event .
A kid hanging upside down from a tree
Two teens trying to win a prize at a carnival .
A boy in an orange shirt with blue trim is smiling .
Two boys sitting on a courtyard .
A man in a red jacket stands near a yellow kayak .
an old man walking with a folder in his hand
Four people sit at a table .
A small boy leaps from one bed to another .
A boy swings a plastic bat .
Man on the phone in front of a neon sign
Here are 2 moms listening to a toddler .
girl in blue shirt playing the clarinet
A crowded street corner in an oriental country .
A man in sunglasses sits on rocks .
A couple of hikers taking a break to take a picture .
Two girls and two guys walking down the street .
Girl smiling on roller coaster .
Skateboarder on a rail .
A man on a beach building a sand castle .
two dogs play in the grass .
A man is taking part in a religious ceremony .
A dog jumping for a Frisbee while a woman crouches nearby .
A black dog is holding a white object in its teeth .
People are riding in a boat with oars .
A pack of bicyclists taking a turn during a race .
Asian artist stretches while painting outdoors .
Man and women walking on the street .
A man paints on an easel as people walk by .
A brown and black dog by a tree
two adults hug each other .
Two boys playing a game with marbles .
A man in a black hat posses for a picture .
Little boy on swing
Two people at the base of a waterfall .
A backpacker enjoying a view of nature .
A person paddling a boat .
Large ground of men and women listening to something .
A group of women and a dog are discussing amongst each other
An older man seasoning a shish kabob .
The person at the beach is wearing a pink wig .
A lady wearing black dress talking to a stranger .
A man with a shovel prepares the fire for cooking .
Man sticking out tongue and licking smiling woman .
Two young kids are walking outside .
Girl smiling for camera with boy giving her bunny ears
Baby wrapped in soft , pink onesie lying in leaves .
A girl with neon red-hair and eyebrows .
A soccer player in green runs down the field .
A dog and his trainer at a challenge
Children raising their hands in class
A group of seamen talking in front of a boat .
A dog leaps in the air to catch a disc .
A man is sleeping on the bus .
A dog swims in the ocean .
Two dogs bound across the grass next to a road .
A child and three adults picking up on the beach .
A group of saddled camels and their riders .
Dogs playing in the yard .
A solider speaking into a microphone .
Two girls at a Smart car display .
The man in the pool is swimming .
A blond woman in white laying on a couch
A young man in a black shirt throwing a football .
A woman in white blowing bubbles .
Group of young children posing for a picture in a field .
a boy wearing orange jumps from haystacks .
A boy skateboarding .
A middle-aged man works at a desk station .
A toddler is sitting at a table eating a snack .
Four school children walk to school wearing warm apparel .
A man with black hair and blond tips talks on his cellphone
A man wearing an apron is putting circular objects on a spool .
A black and white dog looking up .
Two people are playing a board game .
Four boys are sitting on a wall .
A dog is jumping in the air over some leaves .
Two men workers doing their job with their supervisor .
Four men concentrating in an office setting .
Two woman examine a photograph on a camera .
A woman in a cowboy hat is holding a cup .
a white dog jumps into the air .
Three girls in a classroom with blue and brown desks .
Two small girls dressed as fairies .
A bride is placing a flower on a groom 's suit .
Woman putting orange rose in man 's jacket .
Two ladies walking with baby strollers .
Three women wearing wigs .
An elder woman sitting on a bench .
Two women play sand volleyball .
A little girl learning how to swim .
Three kids frolic through autumn leaves .
A woman is focusing on her game of curling .
A person carrying many bags .
A child admires an exhibit or store window .
Man having fun at a party .
A boy stands alone in a classroom .
A windsurfer kicks up spray .
African kids stare throughwindow
Closeup of a man at an event with formal attire .
A girl in a pink bathing suit doing high jumps on a beach .
Somebody in the street with some sweatpants on .
A person on a bmx bike .
The man in a blue jacket is standing in a crowd .
A woman in a yellow shirt walks down a sunny street .
Two girls take in the view .
Two dogs are running in a field .
A group of girls in dresses dancing .
Many people eating at a banquet .
Various individuals riding escalators .
A group of people are at a party
A well dressed man and woman are posing for a picture .
Two black dogs in the snow .
A dog leaps down the road .
A man in a black shirt is playing a guitar .
A boy speaks to his elder in the orange garb .
A young woman serving a volleyball in a gymnasium .
Two people on a street , one person looking down .
A boy preparing to throw a snowball
A person parasailing on a wave .
Two soldiers mounted on horseback .
White dog running through snow
A group of people are posing for a picture .
THe dog takes a rest in the park .
Two kids smiling and holding a card .
A mother and son smiling as they sled downhill .
a man in a black shirt is cooking from a recipe
a woman in white plays a black guitar .
People on a ski lift .
A room of people eating food .
Street musician is playing the Chinese violin .
A person skateboarding near a windmill .
A woman is hula hooping in front of an audience .
Eldery man being interviewed after a race .
two men in red fight .
A dirt biker in the mud .
a child running on a street next a bench
A child sitting on her dad 's shoulders in a crowd .
Elderly man wearing hats .
Two boys in a tent smile for the camera .
A woman puts a harness on her small brown dog while in the snow .
two men looking at a screen
A woman sleeps on a bus seat .
A bmx rider makes a jump .
Two men are sitting in the sand reading .
A man in a green jacket is smiling .
A rock climber goes sideways .
A man riding a vary tall bike .
Two Weimeraners in a field .
Person in a long red coat walking in front of a building .
An older woman from Asia is making a rug .
Two guys - one with a basketball in his hand - are jumping .
A man in glasses is reading off a paper .
A little girl putting a red ball up to her mouth .
Hands holding a frying pan .
A band of four playing a gig .
Children participating in a foot race .
A man pulling items on a cart .
Dogs playing in the snow
A bird flies across the water .
A group of people having a good time .
A yellow car is drifting through snow .
A five man band is rehearsing .
People in a conference meeting .
A woman in green presents tips about zombies with a projector .
Children play football .
A batter prepares to swing at a ball .
a mother and two children reading something
People jogging in a marathon .
Two girls in blue are skiing .
A group of Asians and one Anglo stand outside bundled in winter clothing .
a young skier looks at the camera .
two young girls wearing pink pajamas playing with doll furniture .
Two girls ride on the hump of a camel .
The people are gathered at a bar .
People waiting to board a bus for a big event .
Two black males in front of a rickshaw .
A little brown dog is running in a field .
A street side restaurant
A snowboarder jumping .
A female UPS worker stacks boxes .
A woman in a blue shirt riding a bike .
A female tennis player hitting the ball
A young woman playing a cello .
Two men are in the street while one is holding flowers .
Woman holding dog on street .
A little boy playing a guitar .
A woman working at the Ottawa Music Academy .
Three women chatting and drinking in a living room at Christmas time with a Christmas Tree , presents and a fireplace in the background .
The shaggy dog leaps and catches the ball .
Bullrider at a rodeo riding a bull .
Children bathe in water from large drums .
A dog catches a ball in midair .
Men and women in a crowd are holding signs .
A man plays tennis .
Two girls in blue dresses dance .
A girl in her ballet class
a guy and a girl jumping up in the air
Ethnic dancers perform in unison .
A biker doing a jump in a forest .
Lots of people walking down a street .
A woman takes a photograph .
The woman in a yellow tube top is throwing a stick into the thicket surrounding her .
A person is riding his dirt bike .
Enjoying a cold snack on a hot summer day .
Two terriers play on the wood floor of their home .
A young boy waters a tree with a garden hose .
A cyclist gets airborne on a ramp .
The gray-haired man is wearing a sweater .
The guy on the right says ok let 's find you a soda .
Woman hangs on tree limb .
A child walking on a fallen tree .
A dog is jumping over a hurdle .
Children playing soccer with an adult in the background .
people getting ready to ride bikes .
A bull is charging a man in an arena .
A young boy chases away two Canadian geese .
The dog is running .
Two children at a medieval picture with face cutouts .
Two men working with a crane .
A black dog is playing inside the fence .
A group of people are standing on a sidewalk .
A white dog runs into a lake .
Photographer shooting pictures of a old sign .
A little girl with blond-hair is holding a big blue ball .
A man practices boxing
A group of people jump in the sand at the beach .
The woman is holding a violin .
People are hiking on a mountain .
A skateboarder jumping down the stairs .
Several men walking past a tent notice a sign .
A young girl standing in a grassy field .
A boy in green and yellow attire is training .
A woman standing in a field pointing .
A young girl running on grass
Man in uniform stands near woman with purple hair .
A group of people clapping .
A couple walk hand in hand down a street .
Young man plays a harmonium while barefoot .
An audience watching a performance .
A car is driven on a dusty track .
A man talks to a group of people .
A bearded gentleman sleeping propped up .
A boy prepares to kick a goal shot
A man in yellow jacket rides a bike .
A person in the water .
Two rodeo clowns are on the dirt .
A young beautiful girl is responding to someone who is talking to her .
A dirt biker rides down a trail .
A man is parasailing into the sunset .
a woman is standing behind a counter .
Two people riding blue bikes across a street .
a band in the studio
People are playing water volleyball .
A crowd of people sit outside to eat .
Boy pulls other boy over back .
A curly-haired woman in a plaid outfit taking a picture .
A girl is wearing a large blue and red hat .
A woman painting on makeup .
A man in a navy tank top is about to throw something .
A man is performing in front of a crowd .
A little girl outside playing .
Three children play outside with bubbles .
A man holds an infant while leaning against a building .
An Olympic winner takes home two medals .
The men fight during the game .
Two young girls having fun while eating .
This little girl is putting on a helmet .
A large crowd swarming a guy .
Boy playing on the grass with an orange ball .
A little girl happily jumping on a bed .
A man with a guitar sings into a microphone .
Man wearing mardi gra beads and waving a flag
A dance class of two people stretching .
Dog training on the mountain
A man about to eat fire in the town square .
A brown dog runs along a fence .
Dirtbike rider jumps over a hill of a racetrack .
Girl wearing blue jeans doing tricks on a bike .
A dog is jumping into the water
A man in a leather jacket playing an instrument .
A man dressed in green snowboarding on a bench .
A man is sitting at a table .
Three men in suits putting their hands together .
The dog is jumping up beside a red wall .
Man sliding down stair handrails on a bike .
A man and a young child walk along the beach shore .
three guys , outside , newsmen .
A brown dog jumping in the air in a pond .
A fisherman holding a lot of mussels .
Two men on a boat fishing
A man stands on scaffolding painting a wall in a coral color .
A man sitting in the street selling sunglasses .
The couple is walking down the street talking on their cellphones .
Young girls playing soccer .
An artist is painting outside .
two children posing for a picture with one making a face
People wait in line at bus stop .
Five men playing an interesting sport .
Craftsman hanging from a rope .
A black dog is swimming while carrying a tennis
three men ride in a dark blue car .
A car from the Mongol Rally 2009 race .
A man in a blue shirt blowing a trumpet .
A carpenter takes a break to read a book .
Lots of people on the streets and a vendor selling her goodies
A woman selling her homemade products .
People are selling in the street .
Three people looking at produce on a cart .
Teller working at a bank .
A man in a red jacket and stubble stands before a mural .
A man sits at a desk with four computer monitors .
Two friends bike down a hill .
An asian girl plays with a sheet .
the girl sitting in the sea
A pair of older boys play guitars .
A man is crouched on top of a horizontal tree .
Fishermen in Africa unload their catch as two women look on .
An old man holding a small hatchet .
A family is having fun in the water at a beach .
A man is standing on a street alone beneath a balcony .
A woman put a mushroom in the mouth of a girl
Two female co-workers talk on break .
A patrolman rides a horse through the city .
A black dog digs in the snow .
A tourist enjoying nature .
A woman is taking care of a sheep .
People holding a demonstration outside .
Two girls playing basketball .
A lady in a bikini doing a cartwheel in the sand .
A man is playing guitar in a band .
Two women sharing a glass of beer .
A young boy rests in a hospital bed .
Two men are speaking to each other .
a dog tries to bite another dog .
Villager pouring water into cooking pot .
A man in a dark blue coat is lying in the snow outside of a home .
Young children like to pet the deer .
A woman wearing a black top and red skirt is throwing a ball into the air .
A crowd follows a queue line in a bookstore .
animals in the snow
A woman is on her hands and knees cleaning a rug .
Two opposing hockey players prepare for a face off .
Runners pass a check point in the city .
Five dancers perform on stage .
Children sitting on a elephant in the woods .
Man with long hair plays electric guitar .
Two young people are wearing costumes .
Group of people by a lake .
People crowd a smoky street .
Dog with head in snow .
A group camps in a desolate area .
People at a supermarket checkout .
A boy is getting his haircut .
A black man is getting a haircut .
Tourists are taking pictures in china .
A man fixing some type of vehicle in the background of 2 vases .
two men behind a circular bar in a room filled with people .
People waiting for a train .
Kids conversing and learning in class .
A band is performing indoors .
A performer interacting with the crowd .
The woman in the blue hat is cutting food .
A man sets up a red ladder in a yard .
A woman attends to customers at a table .
A woman is examining an object .
A gymnast in a white leotard is about to catch a red ball .
An artist working on an ice sculpture
Two Huskies pull a sled with a man in a blue jacket .
This is some sort of band or symphony practicing .
Two girls are kneeling on the ground .
Students working in art class .
A young girl plays her instrument at a concert .
Man playing a video game on a computer .
A homeless person is taking a nap .
A main shoveling snow , off the sidewalk during a cold winter day .
A Scottish band playing in a park .
girl in red and black raising her leg
People taking part in a marathon .
Three women stand in front of a tent , on a stage .
Three food industry workers share a laugh .
A young girl walks beside a stream .
A young comedian in a brown jacket doing an act .
Two kids dancing at a dance recital .
Two ladies walking on a street with a stroller
Lynyrd Skynyrd performing on stage .
Two people watching a boat sail past .
People shopping in Chinese market .
People attend a gathering at a house .
group of musicians playing on the street
Priest showing his love of Jesus with a cross .
Two children playing on a jungle gym .
A man with blue jeans on sits on a porch .
People walking down the busy streets in a city .
Two men selling food on a busy street .
A young woman bundled up in her winter gear .
Gray-haired woman perusing at outdoor market .
People sit in front of and walk by a building with large columns .
Two people are providing some medical care to a tiger .
Two people window shop for clothing .
A boy pointing in a direction on a dirt road .
Two men sit around a shiny grill .
Three women are crossing a street
A man in a coat talking on his phone on the street .
A person kneeling in front of a vehicle
A little girl peering over a blue wall .
A boy is standing outside a donut stand .
An old man sits with a tray in his lap .
A black man in a suit standing next to a wall .
Man in a green jacket sitting on steps .
People shopping in an open produce market .
A family crossing a busy street together .
A man reading a newspaper while walking down the street .
A group of people playing guitars in white .
A dog catches a disk in the air .
People standing , waiting for a subway .
The three children are in a cage .
Two people having a discussion outside .
A woman walks under the shade of her umbrella .
A child slid home as all the other baseball players looked on .
Two women in blue suits sitting on the pavement .
Two men smoking outside of a park .
A man in a blue shirt holds a political sign .
A woman in a green shirt is walking down a crowded street .
Two people are sitting in a station .
A crowd loiters near the start of a marathon .
The boy with the flag is walking in the road .
Two men stand on a lighted stage outside .
A man is taking a picture of a woman by a fountain .
a woman is sitting in a marble ledge .
A soldier describes his camera to a local boy .
A man pushing a sofa on the street .
old man giving autographs away .
Two men talking next to a building .
People in a group gathered smiling .
A woman in a light blue shirt standing in front of gate .
a woman wearing black pants kick-boxing in a dojo
Man works a concession stand
A man wearing a green jacket sitting down on a chair .
Two young men tackle an opponent during a scrimmage football game .
A small child on her fathers shoulders .
A cook displays the grilled meats available .
A woman with a pink jacket has her arms folded across her chest .
A team of people standing across from each other in front of a large crowd .
A woman is riding a scooter on the sidewalk .
Woman with yellow flower in hair .
A group of people sitting outside on a deck .
A young Asian girl walking forward .
A woman walking with 4 kids .
Festively dressed women sing .
A young girl and her mother making lunch .
A young lady at a park grilling chicken .
Police are taking away a drunk looking man .
A man in a black shirt sings into a microphone .
Two guys are walking down a sidewalk .
Two girls playing on a tree with their dog .
The girl is smiling and walking to her house .
The man and women are walking outside next to the river .
Three women holding hands on a beach .
A baby sitting on a blue convertible .
A man in a white shirt working on computer with a help from another man .
A colorful parade led by a man carrying a red flag .
Young man standing on one hand in front of an audience .
A blond woman is holding a child .
A standing woman is reflected in a shiny surface .
A young couple play in a fountain .
A man laughing outside wearing sunglasses .
People walking along a city street .
A man balancing on his hand at the beach .
Two photographers cataloging an event .
Two lovers just met in a date .
People are gathered on a stage .
A young couple kissing on a park bench .
A hairy man steps out of the swimming pool .
A woman in a green shirt with a flag painted on her cheek .
A boy performing stunts on his bike .
Two women in short-shorts and high heels are walking .
An indian man walks past a temple on his way to pray .
A young man standing and watching carefully .
A group of people gather to talk about relationship issues .
A woman in a red dress searches through her purse .
A woman in red shorts is rollerskating .
Female wearing white earmuffs walking on a paved road .
A man in a hat and apron is cooking food .
People eating at an outdoor event .
A view of a street lined with large , clean buildings .
A blue-haired woman sits alone among a crowd of people .
Sports fans are tailgating .
A clown makes a balloon sculpture for a fan .
A man in a black robe is walking into a old building .
Street vendor in China is ready for work
Woman with blue hair at a large gathering .
A group of people hold hands on the beach .
A violinist playing for money on a sidewalk .
A woman wearing a drafty dress .
Two men are in tight Lyrica orange and blue suits in a crowded lecture hall .
Four people are sitting on a bus .
A gentleman coming out of a laundromat .
Male standing at a podium speaking .
A man sleeping on the couch .
People are judging sheep at a state fair .
Two boats racing one white and one red boat speeding on the lake .
country people chatting outside .
A group of people are in a street .
A wet girl wearing a white shirt and a necklace .
A woman holding roses while she waits .
A young lady practicing dancing .
A woman is observing pictures on a camera .
People are sitting at a bar that overlooks a street .
Gay pride parade attendees and float participants in bondage outfits .
Old man sitting near a metal fence outside looking towards a car .
A boy with no shirt is doing a trick on a skateboard .
i cannot see an image here .
Two men wearing sombrero 's in New York City .
Onlookers watch as a parade goes by with soldiers .
The man is riding a bike down a dirt hill .
People walking down the street .
A man in his living room ponders packing for a trip .
Older woman dressed in purple for coffee .
A view of the Manhattan skyline from a nearby street .
A gentleman selling banana 's and grapes .
two people share a hug .
A group of people enjoying themselves in an arena .
A crowd is gathered together .
A man and woman are having a conversation on a park bench .
Two women in print dresses are walking together .
A group of children are getting wet in a park .
People at work landscaping an area .
A man in a green shirt and red sunglasses .
A boy in a black hat is standing on the sand .
Four people enjoying the view .
Customers shopping at an outdoor fruit market .
A tattoo artist at work .
A woman standing next to two people is pointing to the sky .
People looking at books in a store .
A man in a gray shirt sits back in a chair .
Two people standing outside of a Temple .
A man balancing a ball on his arm .
An African american is looking at his phone .
A child carries a bag and a bucket through the street .
A woman with an umbrella and funky red glasses .
A man in a green sweater holds a young boy .
Some guys playing pool together .
girls sitting with their hands on their laps
A woman with a black shirt and wearing a red bandanna is dancing .
Four females and two males dressed in pink and black .
A couple with strollers walk through a market .
street performers putting on a show .
Construction worker laying large granite blocks .
An old Asian man in a hat is carrying his stuff .
A man sleeping under a window .
A trailer drives down a red brick road .
A woman in a dress taking a picture with her cellphone .
A person laying on a bench in front of a water feature .
A young man is walking close to the sea .
People outside walking and enjoying a sunny day .
A military man training his dog for combat .
A kid on skating ramp practicing cool moves .
Workmen on a fishing boat .
Male with goggles sitting on the floor with a pamphlet .
A large building in the city in the sunlight .
Man in a white shirt asleep at a desk .
A poor asian women working at a dam .
A woman in black pants is looking at her cellphone .
A woman riding a horse is chasing a cow .
A family standing on a dock eating snacks !
a messy baby is sticking his hand under a running faucet .
Kids playing outside having fun .
Two protesters hold signs during a rally .
A man is fixing a banister .
A man seated on a bench on a sunny day .
A woman taking a photo by a creek .
A man wearing a coat leaning against a building .
A man is standing outside a store looking in the window .
Two women sitting on a bench looking across the street .
A man in a white shirt is sitting on a crate .
A tattooed man in a leather jacket stand in front of a car .
Man sitting on chair fishing
A man dressed in black sitting on a park bench by a large banner .
People riding bicycles down an alley .
Man standing alone on the street .
Two men walking down a dirt path .
A woman crouched by a stroller with a baby in it .
Two dogs playing with a ball .
A man wearing a helmet is driving .
A dog with big ears in the street .
People in a market selling their produce .
a woman shows a small animal to a smiling young boy .
A man with silver hair leading a woman through some dance moves .
People ice skating on a frozen pond .
Five young men pose on the steps .
Woman carrying a plaid bag on her head .
A man on a high unicycle , performs for a crowd in the street .
People gathering for an event
A man in a brown shirt is waiting for a train .
Three men leap on a lawn .
Male singer crowd surfing
Two children and a bald man scuba dive in a pool .
Woman in a produce store looking at strawberries .
Two cars got into a bad accident .
Various customers , checking out in a buffet line .
Girl jumps to spike volleyball .
A man empties a bag of white crystals into a swimming pool .
Students being taught to fix bikes
Two young boys practice Kick-boxing .
An Asian lady is cooking various dishes .
Three men examining a bicycle .
A man and woman taking a nap on a makeshift rip .
A Guy is riding on something , down a snow hill
A man and woman enjoying dinner at a party .
Army soldiers phrasing the pledge of alliance .
This man is throwing a rock .
A woman enjoys a fruity drink .
The lady smiles on a clear day .
Two guys talking in front of a sink .
A man feeding a baby in a highchair .
A BMX biker performs stunts on a hilly track .
A baby wearing a knit hat sleeps .
Two children play beneath a metal statue .
A red telephone box sits in the middle of a crowded sidewalk .
A woman sitting on the floor and knitting .
Children chasing the ball in a soccer game .
Two children are enjoying themselves on a trampoline .
two black and white dogs running in a flowery field
Guy blacking a guitar on stage .
Three people hiking up a mountain in a blizzard .
A crowd bathing in a body of water surrounded by a city .
A woman peeks into a telescope in the woods .
A young girl is washing her teddy bear in the kitchen sink .
A guy with glasses and nose ring brushing his teeth .
One person is jumping on skis while others look on .
Three women go horseback riding and the youngest girl is in focus .
A woman is blow drying her hair .
A man is carving beef in a restaurant .
Some florists load a delivery truck .
A woman plays an instrument and a drummer sits behind her .
a man gives a fish to a boy .
A worker clinging to a tree .
Mixing some concoction with hands .
a priest standing against the wooden wall and thinking
A woman and a older man face each other over a counter .
An elderly man mops the floor of an outdoor walkway
A man is standing up while a woman in purple pants sits down as he does her hair .
A city worker inspects the street .
A man with one leg is playing volleyball .
A black man wearing a chef uniform looking out .
A group of men playing baseball .
A man in an orange robe sweeping outside .
Young man working in a science lab .
A guy walking two donkeys at a park .
Two females fight in a tournament to win the round .
A man and woman sleeping on a bench .
A man and woman sit by a pile of luggage .
A pedicab driver waiting on his bike
Two girls are constructing something out of clay .
A man runs through the snow with the aid of snowshoes .
A ballet dancer performs a leap on stage .
A man is sitting in a semi truck smiling .
A grungy looking man sits on a plaid bag in a corner outside .
There is a skateboarder jumping in the air .
A man with a large hat in the bushes .
A little boys is enjoying a blue lollipop .
A man and a woman repairing a bicycle tire .
A young boys shows off a beaded necklace .
Man pretends to be a medieval metal worker .
A woman posing near a cliff
An Asian man is fighting with a staff .
A team prepares to play football .
A man in a green jacket looking back at a car accident .
A young man gets ready to kick a soccer ball .
A runner running down the road .
A man in blue and a man in red box each other .
A group of people lie close together on a hardwood floor .
The band is setting up for their performance .
Female rollerskating athlete
A woman getting a bag of ice at a store .
Two motorcycle racers are in a close race .
A man wearing a gray cap is looking down .
A man with prosthetic legs just finished a run .
Soccer players dancing in the air .
Two men are running in some sort of marathon , one man pauses while running to wipe the sweat from his face .
jockeys racing horses at high speed
A young man maneuvering in the air with a skateboard .
A man in a white hoodie relaxes in a chair by a fountain .
A group of high divers are getting ready to dive into the pool .
One boy sitting off to the side all alone .
A man throwing a pack of bread .
Asians dancing with funny costumes .
two men pretending to be boxing .
Children are playing a sport on a field .
A female musician with guitar is singing .
Two children having a karate match .
A college dance or singing crew performing on campus .
A group of girls playing flutes at a parade .
A man is holding a raw chicken .
The boy is bouncing on the red couch .
A baby in a walker and an older child nearby .
A family is opening presents on Christmas .
Two older people are sharing a dish
A young man is skateboarding on a cement block wall .
a peaceful rowboat during dusk .
Two martial artists practice in a vacant room .
The members of One Direction singing on stage .
Eight people racing go-carts on a racing course .
A man is hugging a snowman .
A man is giving a presentation .
A football player is have having his knee looked at by the teams staff .
Man wearing hat and overalls addresses the crowd .
A young girl touches the green wire of an electrical circuit .
The asian man in the blue hat is riding a bike .
A row of PC gamers focusing on their screens .
A kid juggling balls in the middle of traffic .
Little girl running to a woman
Man grasping motor as he gazes into the distance .
A stadium full of people watching a tennis match .
A child snowboarder coming to a stop
Men playing a soccer game
Young women in the street wearing headscarves .
a toddler 's mom is watching him brush his teeth
A man in a wheelchair is pushed along while he lifts a torch .
family getting ready for wedding .
Three men competing in a hurdle race .
Three people stand in a doorway .
A soldier using binoculars in a desert .
School kids racing in the snow .
a black man is jumping and a crowd is gathered
Happy children rocking out and smiling .
Two men on opposing teams race toward a soccer ball .
Biker does a trick in midair .
Two female kickboxers , one with a purple sports bra , battle it out in an arena .
Two racers race on motorcycles .
A group of men outside playing basketball
equestrian competing in a competition
A group of men in costume play music .
People are looking at records .
Three people are in a sailboat on the water .
Soldiers march up the street during a parade .
Man holding broken glass toward camera .
The bands guitarist begins his solo on stage .
Four young kids playing with empty canisters .
Construction workers chatting on-site .
One veteran guy driving a green Oliver tractor in a parade .
Three dogs play in water .
A man and a little boy beating drums .
A group of people playing polo .
An instructor teaching a woman how to fire a handgun .
These men are riding their bikes .
A team dressed in blue uniforms huddles on a playing field .
Group of workers at the olympics .
A man in a bright shirt is playing trumpet .
A young man with no shirt on is riding a bike .
Ladies stand for a picture at an event .
A boy busy concentrating on using a power-drill .
Two guys riding bikes on a dirt road .
Two girls play a competitive game of frisbee .
Two dentists are working on a girl 's teeth .
Several people sit in an outdoor area eating food .
Two men are smiling and riding bicycles .
Man in black prepares to ten-pin bowl .
Two people are dancing around with people watching them .
Two males , one white and one black , singing and playing the guitar .
Two people practice gymnastics in a gym .
A race to beat a record time .
Football players struggle to get plays through a tough line .
A group of men bow their heads in front of tables of food .
Two girls dressed in Asian costumes are dancing barefoot .
In India , the children play .
Runners competing in a race .
Two women carrying surfboards .
A young man is looking down from atop a mountain .
Woman on the clifftop trying to fly .
Woman waiting at crossing and looking at something to the left .
Three men are standing together .
Two young adults are working on a chalkboard .
A young boy in a red sweatshirt holds a toy ax .
Five workers on a muddy field .
A man is making cotton candy .
large group of police officers talking .
An old lady working at a cash registrar .
Two men using a pay phone .
A person is coming out of a portable toilet .
