A group of people stand in the back of a truck filled with cotton .
An adult wearing a gray shirt with red sleeves sleeping on a couch .
Boy in brown shirt with headphones on sits on woman 's shoulders in a crowd .
Two men , standing on an ice , looking into something covered with a blue tarp .
A man in a green shirt and red life jacket is sitting in a canoe drifting around the lake .
A woman in jeans and a red coat and carrying a multicolored handbag spreads put her arms while leaping up from a cobblestone street .
Two dogs run towards each other on a rocky area with water in the background .
A young helmeted man , in his team uniform , is swinging his bat at an incoming baseball .
A guy sitting at a desk talking on a phone with books laying everywhere .
Woman is enjoying herself being outdoors biking in a forrest preserve .
A boy wearing blue and yellow walking on a cliff edge .
A snowmobile rider flies through the air on his or her machine in front of tall pine trees .
A mother and three children collecting garbage from a blue and white garbage can on the street .
A dark-haired woman in a green and white apron sits amid her outdoor display of flowers for sale on a city street .
There is a woman and man wearing orange shirts , playing instruments with sheet paper in front of them .
People on ATVs and dirt bikes are traveling along a worn path in a field surrounded by trees .
An older man sits back and relaxes on a patio outside an adobe building where many bicycles are propped .
A group of people are standing outside at a carnival , near a ride called the Green Jungle .
A young girl sitting on a small chair surrounded by what looks like handmade fabrics and bags .
There are three young people , one dark-haired holding a bottled drink , one with head tilted back and finger in her mouth , and one with spiked hair .
A group of people gather in a bar , and one man in a black shirt holds his arm and signals to the camera .
Woman and man walking across wooden rope bridge with a caution sign beside it .
A man in a gray cap , a pink tank top and short skirt , pink-and-black striped socks , and boots juggles knives in front of a brick building whose sign reads " The Pump Room " while onlookers watch .
Woman dressed in a green hat and apron is holding a tray full of drink samples .
Construction workers standing on top of a piece of machinery .
Two dogs are playing rough in a green field of grass .
A baby on the floor laughing at an older another child .
Three men in cold-weather styled clothing walking down a road .
Someone parasailing with a green parachute that has a face on the top of it
A constructions site on the side of the mountain with a bulldozer digging in the ground that is all dirt
A young girl in dark shorts and a blue tank top runs on the grass near an orange cone and tape .
A red liquids travels down a grate as it leaks across a street .
A young boy wearing a white shirt is dangling from the monkey bars .
A tall gray pole behind which a person wearing an orange shirt is perched on the wall and hiding his or her face with one hand .
A kid is pulling a man trying to get him to do something in front of a crowd of people .
There a several people in a dark bar-type room , including one girl on a stool .
Pedestrians walk through an open area between several traditional-style Japanese or Chinese buildings .
A man holding a blue backpack , reading the paper , and a woman wearing a black coat wait for their train .
Brown dog on grass , drinking water spray from left side of frame .
A blond boy in a blue t-shirt stands smiling before a craft of green nylon fabric .
Here is a little boy whose being very cooperative and sweeping the outside porch area with a large broom on the front porch that has a strong railing .
A person about in the middle of throwing a green bowling ball down a bowling lane .
A man is on stage singing and three people are playing guitars in front of a crowd .
An old man holding a camera while walking a small brown dog .
A red race car marked with the number seven is driven by a man in a blue and beige shirt .
A group of children that are either sitting or standing in a line , while two are holding a round object .
A Young child is throwing a big rock into a body of water .
A blond woman is in her kitchen holding a knife and graham crackers as she is making pie with cranberries and cherries .
Two people are wearing a Chinese dragon costume in front of an ornate Chinese gazebo with red pillars and the gazebo has two large red lanterns hanging from the roof .
A dog walking through a stream carrying a white towel in its mouth
Three small dogs , two white and one black and white , on a sidewalk .
A large man sits in the back of a canoe with another man in front on a river .
Two girls facing each other one has a skull face bag wearing a red and black shirt , the other is wearing a beaded belt .
A group of four girls are in the back of a vehicle looking at a book with a pink cover .
People on the beach look up to the sky to see a large heart written in the air by the contrail of a plane .
A woman in a white jacket and pink shorts is sitting down , reading a book with her head resting on her right hand .
A man with dark hair is wearing a white shirt with printed flames and is holding a pair of tongs .
A man in a blue shirt and brown sports coat adjusts something in his hand .
Guy in black wetsuit is riding a wave with a white surfboard .
An Asian woman sitting on a bench going through a pink laptop bag .
Woman wearing a striped blouse sits among other women .
A red PlNe is flying by the queen Elisabeth 2 shooting out red smoke .
A man in a white shirt and helmet is using climbing equipment .
A man in an orange shirt and white hard hat stands in front of an orange construction vehicle as it dumps dirt into a truck .
Truck filled with 5 gallons bottles in the back and a man on top looking at them .
A woman wearing a white hat , white top , and orange skirt is jumping in front of some trees .
In the middle of a shopping center , there is a man who is painted gold with a gold bicycle .
A baby in a pink sweater looks up at a leafy branch .
Two workers at a train station are cleaning an elevator .
Two barefoot young African boys in brightly colored clothing are sitting on a stone floor , one holding a clear bottle of water with a second , blue bottle on the floor between his legs .
Many people out enjoying themselves and admiring parked motorcycles at an outdoor event .
A person in a red and black jacket with a black backpack scales a mountain face .
A dark-haired woman wearing a brown jacket and fatigue bottoms and a balding man wearing a green sweater and blue jeans with a fishing pole , stand at the foot of the surf .
A girl is doing a trick on a blue trampoline and is in the air .
Children are riding a swing ride at an amusement park or state fair .
Two people are holding a large upside-down earth globe , about 4' in diameter , and a child appears to be jumping over Antarctica .
One man wearing camouflage pants and green t-shirt stands with one foot on a square while another man wearing the same type of clothing reaches out with a baseball glove on his left hand .
This is a scene of several people walking outside during the day , including a woman with two coffee urns .
A police officer on a motorcycle is behind a four door sedan on a road with billboards in the distance .
A person stands beside a boat , on a dock , looking out across a lake that reflect trees in the distance .
A field with some Scottish marching bands and many spectators sitting on the stadium behind .
Woman in a leopard print outfit , walking in the street and a man in a dark blue jacket and denim jeans walking in the opposite direction .
A firefighter sprays water onto a gigantic pile or burning ash that includes flames and dark smoke .
A person with a purple shirt is painting an image of a woman on a white wall .
Two little girls are playing in their house , one is on the floor grinning evilly wearing pink pajamas and the younger one is standing over her wearing a hairnet and mask and purple pajamas .
A young woman and older woman wear traditional saris as they spin textiles , three people are pictured at only the waists , and wear modern clothes .
Person dressed in heavy winter clothes with cap on walking in some deep snow
A man wearing a uniform is standing just inside the back of a delivery truck , while two other men are standing on the ground near the truck .
Stretched image of a brown dog with a white patch of fur in his chest area sitting in the grass with trees in the background .
A brown and white dog exiting a yellow and blue ramp in a grassy area .
A little boy sitting on the wood floor with a book on his table .
An Asian man wearing a blue long-sleeve shirt and patterned pants is working with an old looking machine .
An adult and a child , both wearing hats , are outside , looking at a black and white rooster in a cage .
A young child in a costume rings the door bell of a gray house .
Man dressed up in black and brown and holding a white light saber .
A woman with black hair wearing a black and white polka-dot dress is singing into a microphone .
Two women sit on the beach in holes seem to be digging for something with rocks and sand all around them .
Several people lay out in the sun on white lawn chairs by a body of water .
Six men seat in a wooden boat while two are the background surrounded by logs and a green landscape
A young boy carrying a big black plastic bag over his shoulder , crossing a dirt road .
A large bearded man flips a crepe or omelet in midair with his frying pan .
A man in a yellow suit is kneeling on top of a piano while another man in yellow has a musical instrument in his hands .
The setting sun outlines a group of four people and the surrounding trees .
A black and brown dog is biting on a stick in the forest .
a man in camouflage hiking gear , wearing a green pouch is standing in the foothills .
Man in white shirt flipping young boy in the water with four other boys surrounding them .
A woman in a white halter top and a man wearing a white shirt and holding blue cotton candy are both smiling .
Two children raise their hands to ask a question to the two women at the front of their classroom .
Two women stand in the front of an elementary classroom while little children are setting in front of them .
A person wearing a hat and scarf looks to the right .
A woman in a blue winter coat and a person in a black winter vest are crossing the street when the " Do n't Walk " sign is lit .
An elderly gentleman sits on a couch while holding a small dog as another small dog investigates the situation .
Three little girls look on as a boy plays the harmonica with an adult guiutarist sitting beside him .
A boy wearing a yellow jersey is accepting the baton from a female wearing a yellow jersey in a relay race .
The car sinks up to the tops of its wheels in the mud .
A woman in a gray hat is aiming her camera in the snow as to take a picture .
Man in shorts sitting on a tile floor near a window while other people sit or stand nearby .
A dog treads through a shallow area of water located on a rocky mountainside .
A woman in the middle of a grassy field during autumn jumps in the air and extends her arms over her head .
Two men are playing guitars and one man is singing into a microphone on a stage with the spotlight on them .
Young protesters standing on a street corner standing against exploitation of young people 's rights .
A man grilling meats and mushrooms on a grill .
A man is walking a dog with a pink , lacy collar while enjoying a beer with a friend .
Children at daycare playing on rings , and poles , one parent standing and holding her child and one teacher is sitting on the bench watching the others play .
A little girl wearing a red shirt is sitting at the table in front of a fruit plate .
Three people , one tall male in blue polo shirt and khaki shorts with tan shoes , brunette , heavy chested female in white summer blouse and denim shorts , second female wearing yellow rimmed sunglasses , yellow blouse and sandals , walking across a city street .
A black poodle jumping on the head of a white poodle while walking in the snow .
A girl with red-hair and a Spider-Man suit on is sitting on a toy horse while holding her arms up and her mouth open .
A man sits in a rowboat alone on foggy water .
Skiiers are walking through the snow near the mountains .
A woman and two gentlemen are taking a stroll along the beach , as the woman talks on her cellphone one of the men takes her picture .
Many children are playing and swimming in the water .
Female beach volleyball players on either side of a net , with one looking to spike the ball as her teammate watches with the blue sky in the background .
A man and woman sit across from each other at a restaurant table .
a boy is kissing a woman on the cheek next to a girl who is wide eyed and sticking out her tongue .
A Golden Labrador is swimming through water with a red toy in its mouth .
Men standing around a car with a lamp behind them .
A group of five children and three adults look on while a fourth adult speaks on a beach .
A baby in campflauge crawls on a clean hardwood floor .
A little girl donates to the Salvation Army near a storefront with white , plastic containers .
The yellow dog walks on the beach with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A man in a red muscle shirt poses for a picture beside a stone building whilst other people pass by .
A lady in a dark top and black necklace is sitting next to a man in a black sweater and listening to a conversation .
A rock band performing on stage with a river in the background .
Two elderly women with gray hair engaging in conversation .
A clothed female and male adults crocheting separately from a blue and orange yarn ball while sitting in chairs of wood .
A person in a red jacket on top of rocks .
A man sitting on a chair with a beer in his hands roasting something to eat on a wooden stick .
A policeman wearing a black had and a bright , green shirt licks his lips .
A man , in what looks like a firefighter suit , standing in the street with a large vehicles in the street .
A black dog with white facial and chest markings standing in chest high water .
A man sings while surrounding band members play instruments , such as the keyboards , and the drums , while other instruments are unused in the background .
A woman in a long black dress playing the violin with a black man in a striped shirt , while the other band member with guitar plays along .
A man playing a keyboard and singing into a microphone .
A kid in a yellow jacket and blue baseball cap jumping from a rock .
a girls sitting pretty on the arm of a couch rads a card presented to her by a girl that 's standing sideways with a glass of wine in her hands .
5 Construction workers wearing yellow vests and blue hats are outside working .
A man with a shaved head is sitting on a sandy beach holding an electric razor close to his face .
A woman wearing a blue shirt opens a present , which is a green hat .
There are two men and a woman in church , the woman is in the back and the men are next to a piano .
A man wearing a Facebook lanyard is holding a microphone .
A hotel bellboy is pushing a gold colored metal luggage cart filled with various pieces of luggage outside of a fancy hotel .
a black and brown dog staring off into the distance at something
A man in a striped shirt and lady in a black hat are watching a young band perform on stage .
three dogs come face to face with each other in a snowy field .
A woman in pigtails talks to the red-hatted man under the shade of a tree .
A dog plays with a ball with a large office building behind it .
An older women wearing a red and gray printed sweater is standing in her kitchen stirring a stew .
A young boy in a trench coat is holding a red bottle outside of a brick building .
A woman carrying another woman wearing matching exercise attire on her back .
A blond child holding a sword and dressed in a black robe is standing next to a stroller .
A guy with afro hair , gray sweater and jeans , skating on a skating ramp high up on the side touching grass .
A man dressed in black , is carrying a table across a large empty looking hall .
A man wearing a yellow shirt is steering a boat that has several other people on it .
A man in a yellow shirt checks readings on a device outside of Barnsdall Art Park .
A woman with a dark blue shirt and jeans throws a bag of trash in a dumpster .
A woman wears a red dress and a black mask while people dance behind her .
A person parasails on the crest of a wave .
Men in similar blue and white jackets are on a bus with the same colors on the side .
A four wheel drive car is driving through the mud .
The American footballer wearing red is pushing the player in white to the ground .
There is a football player in a red jersey on the field talking to his coach .
Two girls wearing red jerseys , each with long light brown hair , sit in the stands .
A man on the coaching staff for OU has sunglasses on his head during a football game .
The Oklahoma football player watches the game from the sidelines .
A person with black shorts and shirt does a handstand on the beach .
Two young couples posing for a picture in exercise clothing .
A man wearing a green shirt is trying to comfort his crying child by holding the child and giving him a kiss on the cheek .
A group of musician comprised of string players and a percussionist .
Friend gathered together setting and laughing on a blue blanket with a little toddler wearing a blue hat .
An elderly Asian man and child , who appear to be Tibetan monks , perform a ceremony involving ringing bells .
A man with sunglasses is helping a child with sunglasses slide down a slide .
A large gray dog carrying a ball in its mouth runs across the grass towards the camera .
Four female teens are shown playing soccer on a grassy field on an overcast day , two of them in uniforms consisting of red-and-white vertically-striped jerseys and blue shorts .
Two men , one in a white outfit and the other in a blue outfit , are competing in a fighting match at an indoor venue .
A woman in blue shorts and a red and white striped shirt throws a soccer ball out onto a green field with players on it .
A man is sitting in a chair and looking at something that he is holding .
a dog is running across the sand with a stick in its mouth .
A man is paddling a kayak on water beside a large rock face .
A man in a red and white striped shirt runs a hotdog stand across the street from a pizza parlor .
A man is taking photographs of a large garden of white and orange tulips .
A man in a navy blue jacket with his hands behind his back looking at another man with a long beard who has his hand on his hip .
A man with shorts and a hat is holding onto a little boy and a dog .
A photographer is kneeling in the shadow of a blue and red inflatable fabric piece of art .
A indian man with a hairy chest and red eyes is sitting alone .
One woman paints another woman 's face with numerous golden , sparkling swirls .
A woman stoops next to a small boy in a sunhat on a playground structure .
A street scene perhaps at an event or rally of some kind , heavyset man in the foreground , no one is really facing the camera .
A lot of people are walking outside in the road with a lot of trees .
A young woman wearing sunglasses and a blue shirt is holding a white sheet while a little girl in pigtails writes on it with a marker .
A group of children are walking down the sidewalk in a line with two adults .
A cowboy is desperately grasping too the reigns off a horse that is trying to buck him off at a rodeo .
Man and woman kissing at their wedding while crowd watches .
Two men from the emergency response unit are trying to figure out what 's wrong with a train .
a construction worker working on a railroad waring an orange shirt
Some construction workers , there is concrete being mixed in wheelbarrows , they are building or repairing a wall , the wall is wet still .
Mariachi band playing music on the side of a street .
A group of construction workers wearing white hard hats , orange vests , and orange pants work at a site .
A man and woman walk away from the camera as a redheaded man walks in the other direction .
The large brown dog is running through shallow water .
A man and a woman walk across an intersection on a sunny day .
A male utility worker wearing a ski mask , gloves and a yellow jacket , standing in a utility lift near the tops of trees and an electrical transformer .
A young redheaded girl and a younger boy , both wearing galoshes and yellow rain suits , play in the dark sand at a beach .
Many people on a roller coaster ride are flipped upside down over a white track .
A mother and child sitting in a living room with wooden walls , lots of small statues on some shelves , and a table covered in food .
A group of people are standing in a line looking off in different directions .
A girl with a red and white swimming cap and goggles who is swimming in a pool .
A smiling boy in an orange shirt with a safari hat sits at the playground , while a boy in a blue shirt looks on .
A little girl is walking in a puddle of rain water in a hole in the road .
A young girl with a white shirt that has rainbows on it eats a pastry
A group of three young men and a woman wearing a black shirt and blue jeans are fixing an inverted black and pink striped bike in a grassy park .
A brown dog is soaked and is walking out of the water .
A long-haired dog runs across a lawn with a yellow ball in its mouth .
A crowd of people are standing behind a railing watching something in the distance .
A child wearing a red top and shorts , hangs upside down from a tree branch .
a young woman dressed in black and a young man wearing jean shorts and a gray t-shirt are standing in front of a basketball carnival game on a blue and yellow checkered floor .
A young boy in a orange and with blue stripes is sitting on the ground surrounded by other children , and smiling at the camera .
One child sits while another one kneels as they talk to each other .
A man wearing a red jacket standing beside a yellow canoe on some rocks with water in the background
Tourists stroll the streets between historic buildings .
A blond girl sits at a bar next to a few other men who are not paying attention to her and she is sad .
A child is leaping from one bed to another in the same room .
A little blond boy in a Winnie the Pool t-shirt holds up a red plastic bat .
A man talks on a cellphone , while standing in front of a Dale Earnhardt , Jr. , display .
A little boy in a gray shirt stands between two seated women .
A girl in a blue shirt and glasses plays the clarinet in front of a microphone .
A group of people are walking around a crowded area next to a Pizza Hut in an Asian country .
The man with the white t-shirt is sitting in a stream looking at a rock .
A young man and young woman wearing backpacks are placing or removing an item from an old white tree snag , with other people standing or sitting in the background .
A group of hip young people walk down the street in a residential neighborhood .
Two boys , two girls , strapped in and ready for an amusement park ride .
A boy does a skateboard trick off a metal plank .
A man builds a sand castle as children enjoy the sun in the background .
The large brown dog is chasing after the little brown dog .
A group of men in white robes and standing with their hands raised .
A blond-haired girl is doing a trick with her dog that is in the air trying to catch a flying Frisbee .
A black Labrador retriever in a grassy field returns with a white nubby cylinder in its mouth .
A large group of people and possessions packed into a small boat .
Cyclists competing in a race are coming around a bend in the road .
A man stretching his arms up at a table with two ladies talking to each other .
A black man with his hand to his mouth and a white woman are walking down the street .
An artist wearing a white shirt painting a picture on an easel outside with children walking around .
A dog with its tongue out is trying to look up the tree .
Wearing identical necklaces , a woman and a man with a painted face embrace .
Two black-haired boys are squatting on the ground while holding handfuls of marbles .
There are three men , one man is pointing , the other two men are wearing glasses and a hat .
A little boy in blue and wearing a backwards cap is swinging .
A smiling young man stands underneath a waterfall with his raised arms open wide .
A person wearing an orange shirt with a backpack on looking across a segment of lush green trees .
An Asian fruit and vegetable vendor 's selection of bananas , oranges , melons and more in his small boat .
A crowd of hundreds of people are all fixed on something off in the distance .
Three women in fedoras , dark brown shawls , and long brown skirts stand on a brick walkway with a seated dog .
A man in a white coat and blue shirt is preparing some kabobs on a skewer .
A person wearing a bright pink wig and a yellow shirt , facing away and looking at the ocean .
A man walking by a woman who is standing on the street smoking a cigarette .
Young male with glasses , blond-hair and beard , holding a black shovel over a campfire and a barbecue pit , filled with red meat .
A man is sticking his tongue out and licking the cheek of a woman sitting next to him .
Two young children are walking through a park .
Smiling girl with white shirt with boy standing behind making rabbit ears behind her head .
A baby dressed in a one piece hooded pink and white outfit lies in a bed of fallen leaves
The girl has red-hair and eyebrows , multi-piercings in her ear , and a tattoo on her back .
A soccer team player in a green shirt is running off the field .
A woman leading a gray and black spotted dog in a red bandanna through a competition .
Several children are raising their hands while sitting on a colorful rug in a classroom .
The sailor wearing his white uniform and cap with his arms folded a standing in front of the ship as two man with blue coats are talking
White dog holding pink floppy Frisbee in mouth jumping with all four feet off the ground .
A man with a Nike hat , Nike shirt , Nike shorts , and Nike shoes is sitting on some sort of public transportation .
A black dog is jumping through some water , while holding a stick in his mouth .
Two distant black dogs running across grass at camera , along side a path .
Four people in casual clothing are standing outside holding garbage bags .
People are in the dessert and there are mountains in the background , as well as many camels surrounding the people .
Four dogs in a circle on the grass in the distance and a black dog on the grass in forefront .
A middle-aged man in a military uniform sits at a table in front of a small flag and microphone .
Two women stop between a red smart car and a group of photographers to examine their items in hand .
A man wearing swim goggles is doing the crawl in a lane in a swimming pool .
Woman with a white shirt and banks lounging on a couch inside of a house .
A man in sweatpants dancing under an outdoor pavilion with two girls in the background .
Girl in white shirt blowing bubbles in dark room .
Young ethnic children smile and pose for the camera and hold up peace signs .
The boy in the orange t-shirt is leaping of a pile of hay bales as other children stand and watch .
A young boy wearing a black shirt and brown pants practices jumping over a low bar on a skateboard .
A gray-haired man sets up a new office with a desk built into the wall , a phone and a lamp .
An Asian baby is sitting in a highchair and eating in the restaurant .
A group of children with backpacks look back at the camera while walking down a paved path surrounded on both sides by green fields and trees .
A person with lots of hair and a Pac-man jacket is making a phone call .
A younger man in a green jacket and white apron works with filters while an older man in a blue vest and apron looks on .
A black and white dog stares up into the sky on a sunny day .
A woman and her young child play a board game that has multicolored pegs .
Four young children planning on how they will spend their summer .
The small brown dog is amidst the potted plants and fallen leaves .
Two men are on scaffolding as they paint above a storefront while a man on the sidewalk stands next to them talking on the phone .
There are five men in a work office looking at each others computers .
A woman with a cheetah-print hoodie , red glasses and striped hair looks at an electronic device while a girl in a black and yellow scarf looks on .
The woman in the crowd with blond braids and sunglasses made an obscene gesture with her finger .
The white and brown dog is running quickly through the grass .
A young female student studying in a classroom reading a book with her leg rested on another desk .
The two young girls are dressed as fairies , and are playing in the leaves outdoors .
A couple is a standing together the woman is adjusting a flower on the man 's lapel and they are dressed in wedding apparel .
A woman dressed in a white dress and holding a bouquet of pink roses , placing a rose stem on the lapel of a man dressed in a dark blue dinner jacket and white tie .
Two mothers stroll their children in the park , during the beginning of Autumn .
Four women dressed in costume , one with a pink wig , look to the left .
A lady sitting on a bench that is against a building and under a poster of a man in a uniform waving .
Some young girls in swimsuits playing volleyball on a sandy field .
A man is swimming with a little girl wearing a pink life jacket in an indoor pool
Three young children , two girls and one boy , show exuberance later in the year as they jump in the dead leaves on the ground .
A woman holding the broom next to the curling rocks .
A man standing on the street with a large bag on his back and holding several shopping bags in his hands
A blond-hair boy holding a toy airplane is in front of what looks like a colorful toy monster .
A man in a brown American Classics shirt can be seen in the foreground , squinting his eyes closed while a crowded nightclub .
A child retrieves something from his desk in his empty classroom .
a windsurfer is making a big splash in the ocean whilst riding a red windsurf .
Four children in colorful Indian clothes are looking through red shutters on a blue building .
The man is dressed in black and smiling while another man is drinking and an elderly woman is standing near a fence .
Woman in a pink bikini leaping on the beach on a clear day while two children play by the water .
2 people at or near small barricade in middle of street , other people nearby , crowd in the distance .
A man falls off a brick wall while still on his bike .
A man in a colorful jacket walks down the street surrounded by women in winter clothing .
A girl in a yellow shirt walks with her hands in her pocket on a bridge .
Two women are standing next to a railing overlooking a city .
Two brown and black dogs run through the dry grass .
Four women dressed in long colorful skirts and winter clothes are dancing on the street .
A restaurant is full of diners seated at tables with pink tablecloths .
An escalator with a middle-aged woman , wearing a black shirt , going up and an elderly woman , wearing a red shirt , going down .
A group of people , some sitting and some standing , seem to be enjoying a sort of party , as there are streamers and balloons around them .
Man and Woman standing together on a cobbled street having their picture taken .
Two black dogs run in the snow in a field of dry grass .
A little white dog jumping on the ground .
A man in a dark shirt playing a guitar while standing beside a microphone .
An older dark-skinned bearded man wearing bright , tangerine-colored robes , a yellow hat , and an orange cane speaks with a much younger , similarly dark-skinned male in a blue shirt and blue pants in front of a blue wall .
A young woman with blond-hair in a white shirt and black shorts is about to strike a volleyball .
A man standing on a street with a suitcase in front of him while another man bends down to look at what is displayed on top of it .
A blond-hair boy in short , short-sleeve shirt and sandals in overlooking a snowcapped mountain .
A person in the distance is windsurfing on a day with a clear blue sky .
Two hussars sit perched on horses , dressed in extravagant ceremonial wear , each holding a sabre in their right hand , reigns to the horse in their left .
A white dog is running through the snow .
A group of adults gather for a picture in front of a brick house .
The mouse is sitting on the dog that is in turn sitting on a coat in front of the man wearing the black top .
Two people pose for a picure holding a card that says " know what this is ? "
A boy and a woman are on a sled , happily sliding through the show in the mountains .
A man is standing at a counter making a meal , following a recipe from a cookbook in front of him .
A woman with a white shirt playing a black guitar .
a snowboarder jumping in the air with a person riding a ski lift in the background
Adults in the kitchen of someone 's house eating and looking at something in front of them .
A street performer in a black suit plays a stringed instrument with a bow outside a subway station .
A person in black is coming out of a window of a tan and red building .
A woman in a white t-shirt and black jeans demonstrates how to hula hoop to a crowd of bystanders in a city park .
A man holds a microphone in front of another man who is wearing a blue hat .
two people in red traditional Chinese garb are performing with sticks
a boy in green jacket is riding a small motocross bike through the mud .
A young child in a stocking hat and colorful jacket running away from a bench .
Little girl in pink shirt looking back in the midst of a large crowd watching a performance by several people in red , black and white costumes .
Old man in a blue and red sweater sits next to another old man wearing a white shirt appearing to be taking a nap .
A boy in a green shirt surrounded by toys and another boy , wearing a blue shirt with penguins , to his left
A warmly dressed woman in black kneels with a small tan dog near a crowd of onlookers .
Two men are standing in the street behind a table that has a laptop and a TV monitor on it .
An older woman wearing a brown hat , a plaid shirt , and striped white pants is holding a blue bag while sitting in an orange seat on the subway .
A bicyler is performing a trick in the air .
Two men , one younger than the other and wearing glasses , sit on the beach in shorts and read magazines .
Two men are having a conversation in front of a graffiti-filled wall , with two younger men in the background .
A climber in a red shirt is secured by a rope as he looks down a crevasse .
Am man riding a very tall bicycle down the street , past a large brick building .
Two grayish-brown dogs looking at something in the grass .
A person in an orange jacket walking in front of a building with glass doors .
An old woman in a white hat and purple and blue cloths is sitting down by a wooden building .
Two men with excited looks on their faces leap inside of a fenced in area .
A man stands in front of a microphone wearing glasses and looking at a piece of paper .
A toddler is sitting in a yellow ball pit surrounded by balls and holding one to her mouth .
A man with a tattoo on his left arm flips his food into the air with his frying pan .
A band is preparing to go on stage by warming up their routine .
A group of young men in colorful shirts with their number on them walk down a street .
A man in a colorful outfit with cherries imprinted on the sleeve , pulling a cart with bags .
Three dogs , one black and two blond , run in the snow .
The magnificant bird flies low over the water .
Large seated group of people with a sign in the photo that says " Gladstone School "
a yellow car driving through a lot of snow
Several men are gathered around musical instruments and a microphone .
Several people are sitting at a meeting room table with computers and memo pads and some are watching a big screen TV that 's hanging on the wall .
A woman wearing a green shirt is giving a slide presentation on the upcoming zombie uprising .
A group of children wearing uniforms run along the field after one who is holding the ball .
The man in the dark blue jersey is holding a bat , and the catcher is holding his mitt out .
A woman in a jean jacket and black sunglasses stands outside with two young boys by a kiosk , looking at a paper she is holding in her hand .
People of all ages running in a marathon for the benefit of a children 's organization .
A man wearing a short-sleeved blue shirt and carrying a blue backpack while using snow walking sticks treks through the snow with a woman wearing a long-sleeved blue shirt and black pants also using snow walking sticks .
People are all standing together in front of a statue of an animal , and they are all wearing cool-weather clothing .
A child is wearing a blue hat and snowsuit with red skis on their feet .
Two girls are wearing pink , one has design print on her pajamas , and the other one is just plain pink while , holding each a bed and table from a dollhouse .
A boy and a girl are riding on a camel in the sand on the beach .
A man wearing a black jacket and white shirt is talking to a woman at a bar .
Two african american males look in opposite direction of crowd in background .
Two men in a foreign country smiling , one standing and one sitting with his legs crossed .
A small brown dog is running over grass littered with dry leaves .
A man and woman sit in a brightly lit stage set .
A viewer from a helicopter watches a snowboarder below
A woman in a brown UPS uniform is handling packages in front of people who are sitting down outside .
A woman wearing red pants and a pale blue shirt rides her bike across a bridge .
A woman in a white tennis outfit has jumped into the air to hit a tennis ball .
A woman wearing a red and yellow silk scarf plays the cello .
Two men are standing near Pike Place Market while a couple in the background takes a wedding picture .
A woman carrying a black and white dog on a sidewalk in front of parallel parked cars .
A boy in a red shirt looks down at a black guitar he is playing .
A woman wearing a red shirt is at the desk of the Ottawa Music Academy .
Three older women in a living room , decorated for Christmas , a " VAIO " notebook is the center of attention .
A brown and white dog has caught a yellow ball in a grassy field surrounded by trees .
A bull rider hangs on tightly to a rope around a large , bucking bull 's back .
A group of young , naked children showering near large metal containers and a yellow bucket .
A brown and white dog is jumping in the air with a tennis ball in its mouth .
Some people in blue shirts are standing up at an even with big letters spelling out the word " KRUNCH " .
A male athlete is wearing a teal sweatband and a shirt from Nike and is holding a tennis racket .
Two young girls wearing denim dresses playing near a armchair .
A woman teaching a ballet class composed of small children holding colourful scarves .
Two people jump up and down on a cliff overlooking a valley .
Multiple women are wearing middle eastern outfits of gold , blue , yellow and red and performing a dance .
A boy on a mountain bike lands after a jump while riding in the forest .
Several people walking on the sidewalk by a fence with one man standing with a backpack .
A person is standing on a brick ledge taking a picture of something in the distance .
White woman with yellow top and white shorts on a dirt road with some trees in the background about to throw a stick .
A man in protective gear is on a dirt bike using one foot for acceleration and the other foot off the pedal to make a turn .
A young girl wearing a blue , flowered , spaghetti strap dress is eating marshmallows on a stick while sitting in a bucket of water .
Two white dogs are laying in the doorway of a wooden floored apartment .
A little boy in a red shirt and blue shorts waters a small tree with a garden hose .
A boy is doing tricks with his bike on the ramp .
An elderly man is setting the table in front of an open door that leads outside to a garden .
A man in shorts and a pink shirt is walking with another man wearing blue jeans and a blue button-up shirt through a town square in Europe .
An acrobat entangles herself in fabric twisted in the trees above .
A young girl in a helmet walks barefoot across a mossy tree trunk that is lying over water .
a black dog jumping over a yellow pole in an obstacle course
A young soccer player chasing after the ball with another player on the right .
A man in a white shirt and backpack stands at the back of a small crowd .
A man in a bull ring is being charged down by the bull .
A young boy runs along the grass as two geese begin to fly away .
A white dog with brown ears is running on the sidewalk .
Two children are putting their faces into a knight and royal woman 's picture .
A couple of industrial construction workers appear to be trying to place something on a crane .
A black poodle and another dog with something in its mouth are playing on some dry grass .
Six people standing on a sidewalk around a blue trashcan .
A white dog wearing a red tag with brown on the left side of its face is jumping into the water .
A brown-haired person in a tan coat and hat kneels down in the dirt to photograph graffiti written on a blue door .
A little girl in a checkered dress plays with her big blue ball near a mesh fence .
A boxer is practicing making hits by targeting the gloves of his partner .
A group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach .
A woman is playing a violin while surrounded by transparent walls and pictures .
A group of men walking on ice with what looks to be antarctica or one of the poles .
The boy is jumping a skateboard down the steps , surrounded by graffiti covered walls .
Three young men in white walking near tented area with banner advertisement .
A dirty-blonde girl wearing a white tank top and blue jeans is standing in the middle of a green field and playing with dandelions .
A boy in a green and yellow suit kickboxing a punchbag .
a woman points with her left hand wearing navy blue clothes as a man wearing a visor backwards stands looking at her .
A cheerful small girl dressed in a white dress with flowers runs on a grassy area with her arms in motion .
A military uniformed man with a purple accented hair female standing on concrete .
A small group of young men and women , some who are seated and some who are standing , are clapping as they look into another part of the room .
a couple are holding hands behind their backs while walking down a street , and the man has his arm around her shoulder .
man in white shirt and striped shorts playing organ being observed by man wearing yellow shirt
A large audience of people seated at banquet tables is watching the happenings on a stage surrounded by blue curtains .
a red and white rally car throws up dust behind it as drives away down the trail .
A group stands outside , focusing their attention on the man in the middle .
Balding man with a beard who has fallen asleep leaning on another man next to him , against the rails of a set of stairs .
An action shot of a young boy about to kick a soccer ball .
The bicycle rider is wearing a yellow jacket and a blue helmet while riding on a road during winter time .
A man wading in a lake dips his long hair into the water and quickly throws his head back making a brief rainbow of water overhear .
A rodeo clown ties a rope around an older rodeo clown as he sits in the dirt .
A young blond girl smiling behind a fence , laying down on the grass , giving two thumbs up with a turtle before her .
A BMX racer comes down a hill ; everything around him is a blur
A man gliding in the sky with the sunset on the horizon in the background .
A blond woman in a black shirt is standing behind a counter .
A man and woman are riding bikes on a street with a gray van visible in the background next to other cars .
Three musicians are posing for a photograph in a soundproof studio booth .
A person hits a yellow volleyball over the net to her opponent in a pool .
Many people are sitting in a street side cafe at red clothed tables in front of a tall old building with arches and statues .
The boy in the gray shirt is holding the boy in the red shirt on his back .
A woman with a camera with a very long lens takes a picture .
A woman with a tall , red , white , and blue hat sits on the ground .
Child with Mohawk haircut holding mirror for woman putting on face paint .
A man in a black t-shirt and jeans prepares to throw a dart at an outdoor event , while other men look on in the background .
A man is riding a unicycle and playing the bagpipes in a crowd of people .
A girl with blue jean shorts , light blue shirt , black hair with a sprinkler on the lawn and a dodge ram truck on the driveway .
Four children are playing on their front porch while their father looks on .
Photographed from below , a somewhat husky man wearing a white and black windowpane-plaid shirt and dark trousers is holding a little boy who is wearing orange pants and a navy-blue shirt .
an Olympic winner wearing her two gold medals and a gray jacket showing a peace sign and a wave
Soccer players get in a scuffle as one puts the other in a head lock .
The girls are both eating and the girl wearing the color red has cake icing on her upper lip .
A little girl in front a pink food tray is getting her bike helmet on by a woman .
A large group at a concert or fair all looking at a man in a white shirt .
Little boy juggling orange balls in the park with a playground behind him .
A little blond girl wearing a hot pink outfit , is jumping on a pillow with her eyes closed as she smiles while holding onto the headboard .
A husky middle-aged man , with a black shirt that says " got music " , and a cowboy hat , plays a guitar .
a man in a white t-shirt with a red logo is wearing colored beads whilst carrying a flag past a row of spectators .
A man does the splits wearing green and woman in a black leotard stands on one leg near a black ballet bar in a studio .
The man wearing the white shirt takes a picture of the man in the blue shirt with the two dogs .
A man in a vest and tie holding a flaming stick in a crowded area .
The brown greyhound dog walks on green grass and looks through a fence .
A dirt bike racer jumping off a hill with another racer not far behind .
A girl is performing a wheelie on her bicycle in front of a gray cinder block building .
The black dog is wearing a red collar and is jumping into the water after a Frisbee .
An older man in sunglasses , a hat and a leather jacket plays the trumpet on a fall day .
A person in a green and white jacket and green pants is practicing on his snowboard .
A man in a blue polo shirt sits at a table looking off in the distance .
Three old men have their hands over each other 's at a grand opening .
Small dog in costume stands on hind legs to reach dangling flowers .
An Asian man in a black shirt and jeans rides his black and red bicycle down a railing .
The man is wearing a black shirt , holding a pail , and walking with a child next to the water .
Chubby man holding camera on tripod , standing in front of bar named " ON THE ROXX " with passer-bys blurred by movement .
A dog is standing on its hind legs underneath a fountain while a man in a black shirt and vest looks on .
A man in a red apron is standing on a boat and holding a big string of mussels .
A young man in a turquoise and gray striped shirt is fishing , with a person in a red and white checkered shirt in the background .
A person on scaffolding paints a large wall orange with a brush tied to a stick .
A dark man with glasses who is wearing a white shirt is sitting in the middle of small boxes that are filled with various materials .
A man and woman , each wearing a white shirt , are walking down the sidewalk while talking on their phones .
A group of children divided into a maroon team and a blue team playing a soccer game .
The female artist was painting a landscape picture in the outdoors using a variety of colors .
Two Asian children , a boy and a girl , the girl looking squarely at the camera and the boy making a face .
People stand along the sidewalk watching a bus come their way .
Two men in pink jerseys , two men in white jerseys , and one man in a black jersey and black helmet , are playing field hockey .
A man in black pants is wearing a yellow hard hat as he rides a zipline .
a black dog swims through the water with a tennis ball in its mouth .
Three men in a blue car with a blue tarp on top , driving on the street .
A small car decorated with flames and other paint is driving amongst a crowd with a tub and flags on the roof .
A man is playing a trombone while looking at a music stand on the left of the screen .
A man wearing a cowboy hat , a dirty red shirt , and blue slacks stands on a street holding a leather or metal object in his left hand and perhaps a solder device in his right hand as he appears to work on a metal frame , with a couple similar metal frames stacked against the side of the building .
Some people are gathered on a sidewalk next to some colorful umbrellas and bags .
A woman wearing a blue and orange coat is sitting outside on a bench in front of a red background .
A female street vendor displaying beautiful crafts and pottery .
A man with a cart is stopped on a dirt road as two others look at the things on his cart .
A man behind an old fashioned bank teller desk holds a pencil and smiles .
A man in a red jacket and white apron stands in front of a brightly painted wall with yellow lettering .
A young man in a room looking at four computer screens with a green coffee mug and several keyboards and computer mice .
Man and woman cyclists ride pass signs on rural road .
A toddler with medium length black hair is carrying a patterned bundle of cloth .
A person points out to the lake with mountains in the background - while a boat floats out on the left .
Two teens are playing a rock band video game while one of the boys flashes a peace sign .
A man in tan capris , brown sandals , and a white t-shirt , crouches on the trunk of a tree .
Women sit on a beach as they watch men bring in a fishing net filled with fish in front of them .
Man in red costume , with a fur hat , a sword and a knife on his belt holding an ax , with blurred people in the background .
A man in a gray shirt and two boys in swim trunks are playing in the ocean waves .
A lone person stands in front of a yellow shingled shed like building on an empty street while above them sits a bike resting on a railing .
A little girl smelling a fresh mushroom that her mother is showing her .
Two women wearing pink T-shirts and blue jeans converse outside clothing store .
Police on horseback watching the crowd as they move through the streets .
A small black and brown dog is standing in the snow .
A man with a blue and gray shirt is standing in front of a metal fence while taking a picture of the landscape .
A woman in a green apron and rolled-up sleeves is handling the underside of one in a row of furry animals .
A man holds a banner with " Age Demands Action " while a large group holds banners behind him a person in a backpack takes a photo .
A young female basketball player in red and white blocks another in possession of the ball who is dressed in white and maroon .
Female wearing a red and white flowered bikini is doing a cartwheel on a sandy beach .
Three young , male members of a band , one of whose face is not shown , one who is playing a bass guitar , and one who is smiling .
A lady in black dress with a beige blazer checks the contents of her glass .
A child laying on a hospital gurney near a tv monitor mounted on the wall .
A kneeling man bends his ear to listen on another in front of a guitar and audio equipment .
two black and white dogs fighting with each other
An older man in white pours water over what looks like some sort of shrine while another sits to the side watching .
Man in a dark blue snow jacket with black pants and blue snowshoes , tries to make it through to a snow covered entrance and does not quite make it .
A young child wearing an overall dress with a floral patterned skirt and a white t-shirt pets a baby deer with a backpack on her back .
One woman with long brown hair , black shirt and pantyhose , red skirt , that just threw green ball with yellow streamers in air .
A man wearing a sweater is pushing an old man wearing a suit and blue tie in a wheelchair next to a row of bookshelves .
Two dogs try to bite each other while laying in the snow .
A woman wearing glasses and a pink shirt is smiling while kneeling and wiping the floor with white towels .
Two hockey players , one in white and black , the other in black and yellow , about to start a game .
Runners pass a statue of a man on a horse as spectators look on and take photos .
A highly decorated man leads four beautifully clad woman in colorful clothing in what appears to be a religious dance in Thailand .
Two young children are sitting atop an elephant that is eating greens and standing in front a platform with man dressed in a white shirt standing off to the side .
A long-haired man in a camouflage tee and blue jeans rocks out on a black electric guitar .
A person dressed in a yellow animated costume in a public area .
A boy wearing a hat and sitting on a wall looks over at a group of people standing by the riverside .
A crowd walks about a square at night with smoke or fog drifting over them .
Dog on leash burrows into snow in rural area .
A small group of people stands in a rocky field surrounded by camping equipment and patches of snow .
A grocery store checkout where a checker is counting out change .
A boy is shaving a African American 's hair in a home setting he has clothing over him so he does n't get hair on himself .
A black man wearing a white t-shirt is using a hair cutting razor on another black man 's head .
Tourists visiting China have come to see it 's amazing architecture .
One boy repairing a three-wheeled bicycle in a small parking lot while another boy looks on while leaning on the front end of one of the parked cars .
Two men wearing jackets are standing next to a table with four clear bottles on it .
People dressed in black are waiting on the platform for the train .
Several chairs lined against a wall , with children sitting in them .
A group of people sing and play instruments in a room with brick walls .
A performer holds a microphone out to a member of a crowd .
An elderly woman wearing a blue hat is sitting on the sidewalk chopping something yellow on a board beside her .
A man is handling a ladder , surrounded by cut up tree branches and lawn maintenance equipment .
A waitress in a mexican style restaurant is serving a group of people at one of her tables .
An older man with blond-hair and a black fleece is working on a sculpture .
A girl competing in gymnastics performs a gutsy routine as she impresses the audience .
A hooded individual with an orange scarf and face covering uses a small knife to sculpt a piece of ice .
A bearded man wearing a blue jacket rides his snow sled pulled by his two dogs .
A group of musicians are playing instruments as the leader leads them .
Two teenage girls play a game with their hands together .
A woman sitting in a white t-shirt , with her hands in a white powdery substance on a newspaper , is surrounded by other people in white t-shirts .
A woman with long brown hair plays an instrument and sings into a microphone .
A black-haired male is playing a video system on his computer while wearing a watch .
A man wearing a green shirt and blue jeans lying down next to a several big yellow tubs , with a blue building on the right side of the photo with white graffiti " 28 " spray painted on it .
A person in a coat is shoveling a snow-covered sidewalk in front of a street corner and a parked bicycle .
A group of people in a Scottish marching band are wearing red and black kilts and preparing their instruments .
A female ice skater is lifting her leg and nearly touching her skate with her hand .
A group of runners makes their way up the black topped covered street .
Two women and a younger girl laugh and converse in front of a green tent and blue microphone .
Two African American men laughing with aprons on , while a third man wearing a chef jacket is on a cellular phone .
a little girl in a white dress walking along side a small stream while touching her foot to a rock and holding her hair out of her face .
A woman holding a microphone wearing a brown jacket , in front of a sign which says " comedians you should know . "
Two young ballet dancers are performing with the boy on his knee and the girl standing on her toes .
Here is a picture of a woman and her husband and child taking a stroll by the parking lot .
Two musicians from the band Lynyrd Skynyrd sing and play guitar on stage in front of speakers and a drum set .
The sun is setting while a man and woman watch a boat go by .
A group of buildings with asian writing on them and people walking about out front .
Several people talking and spending time together in a room .
Four men playing their instruments in the street while men and women onlookers stop .
A man with black and white gloves holds a cross with a crucified Jesus on it in a street .
A small girl reaching out to a little boy as she tries to help him across a playground jungle gym .
A male with brown hair and glasses , sitting on a step in front of a home .
A businessman dressed in a suit talks on a cellphone as he walks down a busy street .
A group of Arabic looking men walking threw the city , two of the men are selling some kind of meat .
A curly-haired brunette wearing a black and purple reversible jacket and a long scarf is standing outside in the sunlight .
A woman with gray hair , a brown hat , sunglasses , and a yellow scarf is looking away from the camera .
Some people are sitting along the wall , and some people are walking along the street .
A man and a woman hold the front arm of a large tiger that is laying on the ground among various medical devices .
Two people , wearing jackets , are watching a man set up a window display in a store .
A man with a backpack is sitting in a dirt road and pointing toward the horizon .
Two men , likely a father and sun , assemble a stainless steel grill together .
three woman are crossing the street and on is wearing a yellow coat .
This person is walking down the street and talking on their cellphone on a windy day .
A boy wearing a green shirt on a bicycle reflecting off a store window .
A little girl is peeking out from behind a blue wall .
A man with a gray jacket and blue jeans is standing in front of a donut stand .
A shirtless man works with some white substance on a tray as he sits on a stool on a tiled floor .
Black man stands outside a building with a Van Wagner sign while wearing a blue suit and tan hat .
A man in a black beanie and green jacket sits on a rock on a staircase and speaks to two other people .
Lots of people in a farmers market shopping for fruits and vegetables .
A man and two children , all in black jackets , walk across the street .
Man walking down a brick sidewalk in a business suit reading a paper and smoking a cigar with a woman wearing sunglasses walking behind him to his left .
Several African American men are holding guitars and wearing white suits and hats with blue ribbon accents .
Brown dog leaping up with orange disc in mouth with blue and yellow toy boat in background .
A man and a woman in a tunnel , a few more people in the background and in the foreground is a fire extinguisher .
three well dressed blond children in a cage .
A man and woman standing against a marble building , holding a conversation at night .
An old woman dressed in a red coat holds a red bag and a pink umbrella .
A young baseball player wearing a yellow shirt and a blue helmet with " T " on it slides into home plate and the catcher , while teammate watch .
There are two women in blue suits and black hills sitting on a curb outside of a building the two women look like they are waiting for a ride or are on break also the suits that they are wearing have little crests on them with wings so they might work for an airport .
Two black and white homeless men smoking and sitting outside next to a building .
A man wearing a blue polo shirt and dark pants is carrying a protest sign that say " Come on now , what 's gayer than tea " .
A frowning woman with a green long-sleeved shirt is walking on a busy street , while an also frowning man sporting a mustache and a black jacket walks beside her with his hands in his pockets .
The two passengers are seated in the waiting area a couple of chairs apart and yet both seem to be alone .
A group of people where some are holding yellow tote bags under trees and a sign that says start .
A little boy is holding a Mexican flag as he walks down the street with a woman .
Many people are gathered to watch two men who are an instrument and holding a sign .
A person wearing blue jeans and a striped shirt looks toward a smiling woman .
The blond girl is opening her drink as she speaks to the person with her .
A man in military garb holds a video camera and shows the viewfinder to a nearby boy in a brown shirt .
A man dressed in all black is pushing a blue colored easy chair down a busy street .
Distinguished looking gentleman with a microphone has a red and yellow prize ribbon pinned on his lapel .
Two men , arms crossed , with brown and blue jackets are having a discussion on a corner with a graffiti covered building behind them .
Two girls , a man , and a woman smile for a picture in a public place .
A woman black-haired woman in a jacket and jeans is standing in front of a fence .
A fit girl wearing black slacks and a sports bra is about to get a punching bag with her right leg .
A man reaches through a window at a restaurant to pick up a half of a submarine sandwich roll .
A line of blue , green , and white booths line the side of a street outside a store with one man sitting in a booth .
A football game where 2 members of the White team are tackling a member of the red team .
There is a little blond boy with a brown jacket with an orange strip on top a man , but you ca n't see the man 's body just his head .
A chef is standing in front of the grill where he is preparing a lot of food .
An attractive lady with long blond-hair and wearing a shiny pink coat and short pink skirt is standing in the street in front of a cameraman on a motorcycle .
A group of men and women dressed in white perform in the middle of a road for the spectators in the background .
Women in a black dress riding a scooter down the street .
A young blond woman with a golden flower sits on a bench with a black man in a bowler hat near a bearded white man .
Men and women sitting at the table out on the patio drinking cocktails while young boy looks on .
A small , Asian girl wearing a white outfit running down the street while there is a woman wearing a pink baseball hat behind her in the distance .
A lady in a gray skirt and black shirt has a child on her hip crossing the street with three additional young children .
Women in culture-specific attire dancing and singing .
An older woman and a young girl face each other over a kitchen counter .
A girl in denim shorts and a t-shirt is outside cooking meat on a grill .
A young male with a yellow shirt and black pants having his arms restrained behind his head by another man , with three other people standing in front of him .
A man with sideburns and a black t-shirt grimaces as he sings into a microphone .
Two men , one wearing a yellow shirt and the other wearing white glasses , are walking across the street .
Two girls in a tree , one of them is holding a little wiener dog .
A woman wearing jeans and a necklace poses for a photograph in a color-drained picture .
A man and a woman walking away down a wooden bridge with waterway to their left and a suspension bridge in the background .
Three women holding hands approach the waves on a gray beach .
Several people gather around a blue car in Asia with a small toddler on the hood of the car .
A man in a white shirt is working on a laptop while another man in a black shirt points to something on the screen with a pen .
A group of protesters march in the street , carrying signs that read " Free Gaza " .
A guy wearing a white shirt and hat is outside standing only on his one hand , while his legs are up in the air .
A woman with blond-hair and a pink shirt holds a young boy who appears to be sad .
A dark-haired woman wearing a blue shirt and black pants with a black and white striped shoulder bag standing in a train station
A young man holding a young woman in his arms as they get splashed by water shooting up from a fountain .
Man in black shirt and jeans , laughing and talking with girl in white .
Guy in jeans and black jacket walking along grass and trees with the city in the background .
Older male in a green uniform displays his upper body strength by balancing on just his hands .
Two people are holding cameras and one is looking through a camera .
A man wearing a black jacket and a woman wearing a black jacket and earrings are standing close to each other .
People waiting to speak into a microphone at a J.P. Morgan corporate challenge .
The girl and boy are kissing whilst sitting on a wooden bench .
A man wearing black swimming shorts and goggles comes out of the swimming pool while others look on .
A young woman with the Mexican flag painted on her cheek is standing with her back to the camera .
A person in a helmet is doing tricks on their bike after jumping off of a ramp .
The back of two skinny models wearing white t-shirts and short shorts with high heels on passing by the camera equipment
A single woman walking in front of a large white building with many palm trees in the front , and a cloudy blue sky .
A large man with mp3 headphones and a backpack waits at a subway station on Wall Street .
There are five people in the picture , two guys talking near a sign for free advice , a man and women facing away and another man on a phone in the background .
A woman in a red dress with red-hair standing before a bright , multicolored home .
Someone wearing a skimpy costume rollerskates around a ring .
A young woman carrying a small handbag and wearing earmuffs walks on a street .
A late-night market filled with many consumers and workers , depicting food being prepared .
Blond woman in a black floral t-shirt looking down while eating a hamburger .
A street of brown stone buildings behind a black fence with a banner reading " dick bruna huis " on them .
The back of a woman with blue dreadlocks and a colored checkered backpack , sitting and facing a crowd of people .
Two girls and one man are selling food which was made on a grill by the side of their car on an empty parking lot .
A woman being entertained by a clown at a local fair .
A bare headed man wearing a dark blue cassock , sandals , and dark blue socks mounts the stone steps leading into a weathered old building .
A heated cart of food is being pulled on a city street by a woman dressed in a pink and white blouse and pink sandals .
A group of people taking pictures and video while one onlooker has bright blue hair with a tan headband .
About a dozen people are standing on a beach , holding hands , and looking out over the water .
Something seems to be better than nothing as a young adult male plays a violin near the entrance of a store with his violin case open ready to accept the " tips " of his fans .
A man in long plaid shorts and a Easter hat carrying a black bookbag walks with a heavyset woman with pink hair and wearing a hippie style dress walk away from the camera following many other similarly dressed people .
Two men wearing stocking suits over their heads and bodies , one blue and one orange , are sitting in an audience with normal people .
A man sitting on a bus with another man in the row behind him .
An immigrant stands outside of a Laundromat in the city .
A man gestures with his hands as he stands in front of a podium with a microphone .
A man wearing a vertical striped shirt and blue jeans naps without his shows on a brown couch covered with a red velveteen throw blanket .
Two men wearing white coats and standing next to sheet talk to each other while a woman wearing a wicker hat and a white coat stands with sheep looks at a woman in a white coat and a man wearing a white coat and white hat both standing next to sheep .
Two speedboats , a white and a red one , seem to be racing each other along a body of water , with a cast green forest in the background .
A scene with the back end of a red vehicle with a yellow license plate and several people to include a young woman wearing a white shirt and pattern skirt , an older gentleman wearing a black and gray striped shirt and tan pants , a man wearing a brown shirt and tan shorts and several other people is being viewed from the inside of a vehicle .
Many people stand in front of a stone building with an intricate round window .
A girl in a white tank top with bows on it is walking with two other women behind her .
A woman in a white dress is holding flowers and standing next to a little girl in a white dress .
Young girl in black pant and a white shirt stands in front of water performing a swan like ballerina movement .
A man and a woman dressed in black clothes look into a camera the women is holding while walking up stone stairs and stone wall in the forest .
Four men dressed in t-shirts and shorts are looking out a window unto the street below .
Men dressed in leather bondage suits , standing on a platform , holding a rainbow flag along a parade route .
An older man with thin white hair , a beard , and glasses is wearing a white muscle shirt and vest while waiting by the tennis court .
A shirtless skateboarder is in midair , flying over a small , colorful ramp .
A male student , with an army buzz haircut , blue plaid shirt , black backpack , walking along a graffiti painted building , down an alley with heavy shadowing effects along the building 's walls .
There are two men with red shirts holding hands wearing Mexican hats .
A barricade separates two women and three children from a group of men in uniform marching down the road .
A motocross rider wearing red , white and black with a white helmet .
A man in a blue shirt with a duffel bag and a woman in a yellow jacket pushing a baby stroller crossing a city street .
A young man in white t-shirt is sitting on the floor of a living room full of luggage .
An African-American woman sits at a brown table , wearing a purple dress , pink shoes , and black sunglasses .
A woman walks down the sidewalk in New York while a man sits on a bench wearing shorts .
A street vendor wearing a gray shirt , gray pants , and a blue baseball cap is selling bananas and limes from blue plastic crates .
The man in the red shirt is taking a photo of the couple that is hugging on the sidewalk .
Many people in a stadium dressed in white are conversing with each other .
A group of people on a public street , many of whom carry satchels and cameras , look toward one common point .
There are two people on a bench talking and in the background is a woman on a bike walking a dog .
A woman carrying a blue backpack walking down the street about to pass two other woman walking in the opposite direction .
A group of people , mostly children , are playing in a shallow wading pool .
People landscaping and gardening the areas around the walkway .
A man in a green shirt and red sunglasses walks by a cafe in Pescaderia as a woman trails in the background .
A young boy stands barefoot on the beach wearing a green hat and a striped towel .
A male and three females are looking over a windowed ledge at a body of water .
There are two people talking in a market filled with many fruits and foods .
A tattoo artist concentrating as he works on creating a tattoo for a customer .
A person wearing a long brown coat is taking a picture of a building while two other people stand by .
Three elderly men look at books on display in a bookstore while a man and woman , both wearing white jackets , walk by .
A man ( with a name tag on his shirt ) is sitting in a printed cloth chair in what appears to be a hospital room .
Two people wearing red are standing outside of a beautiful oriental building .
A crowd gathers in the street to watch a performer roll a chrome ball over his body .
A black man with a black hat and red glasses studies his hands while sitting next to a white man with his hands folded .
A little boy in a black shirt is carrying a blue bag in back of him and a teal bucket in front of him .
A woman wears a red blindfold , bustier , and stands under a red-stained umbrella while an older man looks at her inquisitively .
A young man in a green sweatshirt holds a young boy with a blue backpack and a yellow sweatshirt in front of a run-down building .
Two young man are getting ready for a game of pool on a purple pool table , with another young man in the background , holding a drink .
A young lady wearing a turquoise colored bustier over a black shirt , a black skirt , netted tights , and laced up gloves is sitting next to five other young ladies , most of which are also dressed in black colored fitted clothing .
A young woman with bare feet on a crowded road looking down while many people are walking by and some are sleeping and a young man in a black shirt with yellow writing is looking at the people who seem to be sleeping .
Four children , two of whom are dressed all in black standing in the yard of a house with a basket full of what looks like eggs .
A city street with market vendors and children being pushed in strollers with a large cathedral in the background .
Clown in red and black checkered pants on stilts acts as a puppet master as a female in blue hair acts as a marionette .
An onlooker peers from above to watch a construction worker below carefully cements stone squares in place for an outdoor walkway .
An elderly Asian woman wearing a straw-like hat sits outside near a bicycle while a gray car is about to pass by .
A guy without a shirt sleeping in front of a window .
A yellow truck is standing on a busy street in front of the Swarovski store .
A young woman with brown hair and tank top is taking a picture with a camera .
Middle-aged black man lays down to rest in public near a fountain as young girls have lunch .
A smiling young man walking on next to the beach wearing a baseball cap , blue t-shirt and jeans .
A crowd forms near storefronts with yellow bay windows behind an aqua fence .
A uniformed man in the Army is training a German Shepherd using an arm guard .
A young man with a red turned backwards cap is in midair while performing a trick with his skateboard at night dusk .
Three men , two of whom are wearing white jumpsuits , stand together talking on a boat .
A man in a blue jumpsuit and a brown hat wearing a black tie , boots and goggles sits with his legs crossed in the street .
An aerial view of a large building with many windows , a terracotta roof , and a few pedestrians crossing a street .
A man sitting with his head down on his arm and a roll of toilet paper and a cellphone sitting beside him .
A man tends a garden inside old concrete open-top fish hatchery tanks .
A woman wearing a purple sweater looks at her cellphone while sitting down .
A female on a horse is attempting to move cattle to another area of a pen .
A family of four that is near a canal where boats are going in and out of .
A baby boy in the kitchen sink with a blue substance on his face and his left index finger in the water as it runs out of the faucet .
Five children spin around on a playground roundabout ; three lay on their backs , while one attempts to pull himself up with both arms , and another holds onto the side while sitting up .
Male and woman protesters displaying posters against censorship of photographs and photographers .
A woman in blue jeans and a navy shirt bends over to attach a video camera to a deck .
An older man with white hair wearing a blue hat and blue jacket sits on a brown bench on a sidewalk , opposite a store and in front of a black vehicle .
A woman with a camera and tripod with a red shirt is standing next to a stream taking photographs .
A man wearing a brown leather coat is on the sidewalk , while leaning against a window seal .
A man in jeans is standing in the shadow of a light pole near a building and holding his hand to his head while he looks at window display for a bank .
Two women sit outside on a bench along a street , looking across the street .
A homeless man is holding a cardboard sign waiting for a ride and possibly money .
A man with tattoos and the Confederate flag is standing with his hands in his pants pockets .
A man sits on the edge of a dock with a fishing pole , facing a cloudy sky and still water .
An older man is sitting outside on a bench in front a large banner that says , " Memoria Justicia Sin Olvido . "
A man riding a bicycle with a plant he is taking home on the back .
An Asian boy in glasses and a yellow shirt holds a blue bag while standing between two parking spaces on the street .
Two people walking and one dragging behind , walking in front of a building filled with graffiti behind a stone fence .
A woman in a blue hat is talking to a baby in a stroller , while a small boy in is walking away .
A black dog and a black dog are fighting over a soccer ball .
A man wearing a colorful helmet while on some type of motorcycle or scooter .
A basset hound is tied to a doorway in an alley in front of a man and woman .
In this picture we see an open air market , the tables of produce are illuminated with lamps that have red shades .
A woman with glasses in a black shirt shows something to a smiling boy in a giraffe with sunglasses shirt .
A middle-aged couple is dancing , the man is wearing a white dress shirt with the sleeves rolled up and the woman is wearing a black dress .
Some people run through a set of water plumes at dusk .
A group of young men clowning around while enjoying a beverage .
A woman wearing a full body head covering is carrying a bag on her head as she walks through a city while other people pass by .
A man in an orange jumpsuit performs on his giant unicycle in front of a captivated crowd .
Woman in a white shirt , long wet brown hair , beige vest , blue shirt , sitting on a wood chair , looking off to her right .
Two men are waiting far apart for the train in a run down station .
Three guys are jumping on some grass and making funny faces , you can see their shadows on the ground .
Man in jeans and white t-shirt , holding a microphone and being passed from person to person at concert .
Four people are scuba diving in a swimming pool , two girls , one bald man and the third person you can only see an arm .
A woman in a green striped shirt is standing in front of a produce section in a store .
Firemen clean up the scene of a major motor vehicle accident , in which a sedan and a truck collided and are both smashed .
Many people are in a cafeteria or restaurant , there are two workers wearing white and black who are taking their orders .
A young woman leaps high into the air to spike a volleyball over a net while her teammate watches with anticipation .
An older man with silver hair dumps some solvents into an in-ground pool .
Several people are in a building looking at several bicycles , and the person near the front has a blue shirt .
Two child boxers fight to the death in Mexico for blood money .
An Asian lady is a preparing a meal with various ingredients before her ; behind her is a brick wall .
Two men are working on a bicycle on the side of the road .
Two men , one wearing a blue shirt and the other wearing a red shirt asleep on a boat .
a young male sleds on a white sheet of plastic , with a smile on his face and his hair blowing back .
A man in a black suit with tie and corsage smiles at a girl who smiles back , both are sitting at a table at a semi formal event such as a wedding or reunion .
A national guard soldier leading a group of other national guard soldiers singing the national anthem .
Someone is standing down in the street and about to throw something .
A woman , with curly hair and glasses , is drinking coconut juice from a fresh coconut .
A woman dressed in a Nike shirt and matching pants looks down at the ground .
Two men have a conversation in a kitchen ; a man in a white shirt and eyeglasses gestures with his hands , while a man in blue jeans and a dark-colored shirt washes dishes .
A man in a white shirt is attempting to feed a baby in a highchair .
Two men riding bikes , one is in the air with a silver helmet , the other has a white helmet .
A baby , wearing a pink knitted hat , sleeps peacefully on a blanket .
Two children lay under a sculpture of a fish , about to swallow them .
A Man and woman stand in conversation next to a red telephone booth in front of construction workers and passersby .
A young Indian lady working diligently on a crochet project .
The boy with the red soccer suit is falling down while the boy in the white shirt has his eyes on the ball .
Two children , a boy and girl jumping on a trampoline with a black protective net in a backyard full of trees .
Two black and white dogs look toward something in the air while running in a grassy field .
An Asian band , whose guitarist is shown near the right and those drummer is shown on the left , plays in a venue lit with blue rope lightning and a reddish cattle skull wall fixture .
Three backpackers , one in the foreground and two in the background , hike in the wilderness during a snowstorm .
A crowd of people , some standing by a river , some in the river with old buildings in the background .
A woman is looking through a telescope , inside a building with a poster of birds .
A little girl wearing a polka dot shirt is standing in front of a sink washing clothes out , with a few wet items next to her .
A man , who has a nose ring , stares into the camera while brushing his teeth .
Background skiers watch as a helmeted , goggled skier raises one arm in the air as he hangs suspended , mid-jump on a snowy slope .
Three horse riders , one on a pony , are traveling in a straight line behind the first horse rider .
Heavyset woman blowing her hair with a hair dryer smiling all happy
A chef is carving slices off of a giant chunk of rotisserie meat .
A woman gives the finger to a man about to deliver a shipment of plants and a passerby looks on .
An artist is depicted singing into her microphone with her drummer anxiously waiting to play in the background .
The man wearing the cap is handing a freshly caught fish to the boy in the purple hat .
A female in blue jeans , a florescent yellow shirt and a hard hat is climbing a tree using a piece of orange , yellow and red equipment .
Several people standing around a bowl , in which one man is manipulating a brown object .
A guy in a white robe with a black cape is standing next to some rollerblades and leaning on a fence by a crowd of people .
a woman in a blue short sits with a piece of cloth in front of her and many other things on the tables surrounding her , while a man in a hat stands on the other side of the table asking her a question
Older man wearing dark blue clothing sweeping the ground and a person wearing a red coat and carrying a green bag entering the building .
A man with dreadlocks is playing with the hair of a woman who is sitting on a chair on a cobblestone street .
City workers work on a busy street , one operates a large Caterpillar bulldozer and another works in the foreground .
A man in a blue and black jersey and missing one foot hits a volleyball from a sitting position .
A cook peers out of the open top half of a horizontally divided door .
A baseball player wearing a blue shirt runs toward the home plate as the opposing team 's catcher tags him , the catcher 's face mask flies away of the third base foul line , and the catcher 's teammate covers the home plate .
Monk in an orange robe raking leaves and debris on the ground .
A man wearing a purple shirt is using a syringe in a lab .
A man leads a donkey at what appears to be a petting zoo while others clap at another event .
Two women , one in a blue uniform , the other in a white one , are competing in a martial arts match as a referee looks on .
Two people sleeping on a bench in the outdoors .
A couple is posing on hard wood floors in front of stacks of luggage and the man on the left is wearing red and giving a thumbs up .
A young man in shorts and tank top sitting on a bike with a double seat pull behind two wheeler attached to it and one in front with both being yellow in color .
Two girls one with black shirt and one with white sweater are sitting at a table working with clay sculptures .
A person with an apparatus attached to his shoes is running through a flat , snowy area with trees and mountains in the distance .
A person dressed as a court jester during a theatrical performance .
A man in a hat and orange shirt driving a blue sanitation truck looking out the window smiling .
A man in a jacket in sweats is sitting on the sidewalk in front of a brick wall .
A man holding a skateboard against a blue sky with white clouds with buildings in the background .
Man stands on forested hillside wearing large sunshade hat .
A child grimaces for a photo , teeth bared , while eating a blue , heart-shaped lollipop .
An innertube is being worked on a bicycle by a male and female .
A young boy wearing a blue sweater holding up a necklace with green and brown beads .
A man in a baseball cap and denim shorts stands in an old blacksmith shop , using tools to work metal on an anvil .
A woman stands on a mountain overlooking a rolling field of trees underneath a blue sky .
A person dressed in warrior costume and metal face plate prepares for martial arts sparring .
A football player preparing a football for a field goal kick , while his teammates can coach watch him .
A man in a green parks looks over his shoulder at a policeman who is helping an injured bicyclist lying in the street .
A boy wearing a white and green athletic uniform is about to kick a soccer ball .
A woman in sunglasses , a red tank top , black shorts and a letter attached to her tank top is running on a grass and tree lined road .
Two boxers in a ring both hit each other in the face at the exact moment , one wearing blue and the other wearing red .
A group of friends lay sprawled out on the floor enjoying their time together .
A rocker standing with one foot on the stage holding the microphone attached to the stand over his head .
Roller derby girl dressed in pink helmet , white tank top , and black shorts skates .
A woman in a white shirt looking in a freezer with Walmart shelves in the background as well as other people in the background .
Two motorcycle drivers race around a bend at high speeds wearing highly florescent yellow , blue and green colors .
An old man wearing khaki pants and a brown shirt standing on the sidewalk in front of a building .
A paraplegic ( with prosthetics ) wearing a finish line banner , is walking next to a middle-aged man wearing a yellow t-shirt shirt .
A soccer game where one team is wearing red and the other green is taking place .
Two men in a jogging race on a black top street , one man wearing a black top and pants and the other is dressed as a nun with bright red tennis shoes , while onlookers stand in a grassy area and watch from behind a waist high metal railing .
Three jockeys are wearing colorful outfits while racing their horses on the track .
A guy is on a skateboard jumping up in the air with the skateboard , he is wearing a black sleeves shirt and white shorts and white tennis shoes , there is pavement and trees and buildings .
A person in a white hooded shirt is sitting in a chair near a body of water and there are buildings in the background .
Groups of swimmers congregate on and around a diving platform and several diving boards at an indoor pool with an ornate mural in the background .
A young boy , wearing a colorful outfit and hat , sits on a red curb at the edge of wide wooden planks .
On a sunny fall day a young man throws an object while standing by a leaf covered pool .
Asian men are participating in some kind of activity wearing traditional garb .
Two boxers are ready for their fight as the crowd watches with anticipation .
A group of young boys wearing green and black uniforms are engaged in a game against a team of young boys wearing red and black .
A rock star holding a guitar with butterfly decorations in the background and singing at the top of her lungs .
4 children - who appear to be about 10-11 years old - are practicing judo .
A group of African Americans wearing orange shirts appear to be dancing and performing a routine in a public location with several people standing around watching .
Several young girls , dressed in similar white and maroon outfits are playing their instruments while walking down the street .
A man stuffs a fowl from ingredients in a blue bowl .
A child is performing a jump kick pose in midair over a red couch .
Two little boys are smiling and laughing while one is standing and one is in a bouncy seat .
In front of a decorated Christmas tree , four adults and two children sit or stand amongst gifts , and one of the adults gives a child a drink of water .
A man a long gray beard and his partner share a meal at an outdoor restaurant .
A guy with a gray shirt and blue jeans on his skateboard jumping off the side of a building or construction site .
A lone kayaker sits on the water at sunset with his paddle resting across his boat .
The martial artist in white seems to have the upper hand on his older opponent .
A group of young men on stage sing together with looks of passionate expression on their faces .
A group of about eight people wearing different colored , numbered sport shirts are all sitting very close to the ground on what appears to be go-carts or specialized race cars .
A person dressed in winter clothes poses with a snowman surrounded by snow covered landscape .
A man , wearing a black shirt and red lanyard , is standing in front of a group of other males .
A man , wearing a white and blue shirt and khaki pants , applies tape to the knee of a football player wearing a blue and white uniform inside of a locker room .
A tattooed man in overalls , no shirt and a baseball cap is holding a microphone in front of a crowd and giving the " peace " sign with his other hand .
A girl toddler is pulling off the protective covers of crocodile clips used to make a battery-powered electric circuit of three small light bulbs .
A young Asian man is sitting on a rusted bike in the middle of the wet street .
A bunch of young adults stare in concentration at their computer monitors as they competitively game .
A young boy juggling colorful balls between cars in a parking lot .
A young girl in a colorful dress in running toward a lady in a long black halter dress .
A man wearing a white shirt lays his hand on a mechanical object while looking off in the distance .
Nighttime doubles tennis match being watched by many spectators in the illuminated stadium .
This person looks to be snowboarding on a very small pile of snow on a sunny cold day .
A man in light blue is chasing after a man in black and white stripes while playing soccer , and the second man 's teammates look on .
Two young girls wearing hijabs stand in a dirt courtyard , one has her arms folded and looks away the other is staring into the camera with her hands on her hips .
A small child in a green shirt brushes his teeth in the restroom while a woman behind him is taking a picture of the child .
A man in a red tracksuit and in a wheelchair is holding a torch while being pushed by a man in a red tracksuit , with flags waving in the background .
Some people in formal attire stand in front of the altar in a church sanctuary .
Three men are running in a track and field race involving hurdles .
A man in a white shirt kneels in the doorway of a building while two men behind him look on .
One lone army soldier overlooking an area with binoculars or perhaps a range finder in a sub desert area .
The children are running in the snow with fences in the background .
A man on stage in the act of jumping , with a little boy in the background really enjoying it .
Two smiling and animated brown-skinned children with middle-eastern clothing are standing outside on the dirt .
A soccer player in a red outfit is about to kick the ball while a player wearing a blue outfit looks at him while running in the background .
A biker wearing a yellow shirt pulls of an incredible trick in the air .
A woman wearing a purple sport bra and black gloves and face protection boxes with a woman wearing a red shirt , red gloves and a black head protector in a boxing ring .
Two men on fast motorcycle speeding around a corner on a racetrack .
The basketball is in the hands of the guy with the red shirts the others are trying to steal the ball to score for their team
A white horse and a rider wearing a ale blue shirt , white pants , and a black helmet are jumping a hurdle .
A three man ethnic band play native instruments while dressed in red and gold .
A man and a woman search for records while a man in a blue hooded shirt looks in the other direction .
Several people in a catamaran are struggling with the wind while another boat is nearby .
A group of marines walking down the road with american flags and other military flags .
A guy with black hair and a black shirt shows a broken glass to the camera .
A guitarist in a black shirt and glasses on a stage surrounded by lights with a microphone in front of him .
Four small children playing in the sand and showing off their old food containers they are using to play in the sand .
Six men are looking at a cement hole in the ground and talking next to a backhoe .
A man wearing a red Fez is riding a big green tractor and waving while a crowd mingles on the side of the street .
Three dogs in different shades of brown are playing in the water .
A large man in a leather costume plays a big drum beside a little boy playing a little drum .
Several children in full riding gear are on horseback in a grassy field carrying polo equipment .
a bald man monitors a woman at a shooting range , both wearing sound muffling headphones , as she prepares to fire a gun .
Numerous bicyclists wearing bicyclist apparel , helmets , goggles , and gloves racing fiercely down a paved road despite the rain .
A group of adult , male soccer players wearing blue uniforms are forming a huddle .
A crowd of people wearing tan pants and purple and orange shirts march away from a stadium
A man wearing sunglasses and long hair is playing a brass instrument .
A man wearing white shorts and no shirt is performing tricks on his bike in a skate park .
A picture of two women with one in lacy white dress with handbag and leggings and the other with a tall red hat , black mid-dress , and frame like plastic dress on top .
A young boy in a plaid shirt using a power tool on a piece of wood .
There are two bike racers , the one in the front is wearing black and white ; and the one towards the black is in red white and blue .
Two woman playing a frisbee game , the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women .
A dentist is looking in a female patient 's mouth while another man adjusts the light .
A blue-eyed woman with red-hair and glasses looks up at the camera while holding a hamburger with a bite out of it , as she sits on a boat with four other young people who are drinking and eating .
Two smiling cyclists both dressed in competition gear , bike by a graffiti wall and stationary planter as several people look the other way .
A right-handed man in jeans and black t-shirt is in a well-lit bowling alley holding his ball up as he is just beginning his bowl .
An Asian street performing couple wearing black outfits with giant bowties are making funny gestures in front of an audience which is sitting on the sidewalk .
Two men , one African-American and one white , play acoustic guitars and sing into microphones in an outdoor setting .
A man in a white t-shirt and black shorts with knee pads and an elbow pad on his left arm is jumping and kneeing a man in a black shirt in his shoulder .
A runner in blue has the lead in the inside lane , while two runners in green and orange trail from the outside .
Two football teams are in the middle of a play as white jerseys and the opposing green jerseys are in all positions of motion while scrambling for the football .
Men in a single line facing a neatly placed sets of fruits on a table , all are in a solemn mood with other men in similar mood behind them .
Two Indian children in formal costume happily performing a ritual dance .
Two girls and a little boy standing next to a blue pole while one girl in a red shirt fixes the girl in the gray shirts necklace .
A group of woman from various ethnic backgrounds are competing in a marathon .
Two women are walking on the beach with surfboards in hand with people and palm trees in the background .
A small child around eight years old sits on top of a rock , overlooking a picturesque forest below him .
A woman standing on a rock with one of her legs up and her arms up .
Female wearing black shorts standing on street sidewalk awaiting changing of light so that she can cross in the walkway .
A man in a blue shirt is telling an exciting story while another man in purple looks on .
A boy in a white shirt is making a face while the his peer and him are working on schoolwork .
A child dressed in blue jeans with rolled cuffs and a pink hoodie waits outdoors at the foot of the stairs with an axe .
farmers are performing their agriculture during the day .
A tanned man with white hair wearing plastic gloves making cotton candy in front of a small fair with parents and children .
Group of Police officers in uniform standing in a parking lot , smiling and talking .
An elderly woman with white hair and glasses is next to a window and in front of an open cash register drawer .
Two men are using phone-booths that are located shortly outside of the downtown area of a city , by some trees .
A woman in a printed red dress , and brown sandals , standing with another female who 's wearing white summer pants , waiting to use a green port-a-potty along a stretch of concrete road .
