A group of people are standing on a pile of wool in a truck .
A man sleeping in a green room on a couch .
A boy with headphones on sitting on top of a woman 's shoulders .
Two people standing outside a blue tent structure on a snowy surface .
A man wearing a red life-vest is sitting in a canoe on a body of water .
A woman in a red jacket , with a blue and gold handbag is jumping while smiling on a cobblestone street .
Two dogs run across stones near a body of water .
A boy playing for the Giants baseball team swinging at a baseball .
A man sits at a desk in room cluttered with books .
a smiling woman in a peach tank top stands holding a mountain bike
A young child is standing alone on some jagged rocks .
A person on a snowmobile in mid jump .
Three young children stand around a blue and white barrel .
A woman sells flowers and incense at the market .
A woman in a red shirt playing the cello .
Three people ride off-road bikes through a field surrounded by trees .
A shirtless man in a white cap relaxes in a deck chair , close to three parked bicycles .
A group of people standing in front of a hut in a parking lot .
A young woman is making rugs in the rain forest
Three young women pose for the camera at a parade .
A man is making a " rock " gesture while standing on a stool in a crowded bar .
A man and a woman crossing a suspension bridge in a tropical setting .
A man , wearing a short pink skirt , long striped socks , a pink tank top , and a hairnet , is juggling knives to the amusement of onlookers .
The waitress offers complimentary tea to the patrons .
A blurry picture of a man in a blue shirt and hard hat .
Two dogs play with an orange toy in tall grass .
A cute baby is smiling at another child .
Three men walking down a road surrounded by a forest .
A boat is towing a person in a bright green parachute .
A construction vehicle on a hill of dirt .
A young woman running by an orange ribbon .
A closeup of a person walking across the street .
A yelling child plays on blue monkey bars .
A man in an orange sweater and dark pants lies on a white wall next to a lamp post .
A crowd of people are watching a little boy and a man struggle over a case .
Dark nightclub with chairs .
Many people are walking in a plaza with buildings of Asian architecture .
A man reads the paper while waiting for the subway .
A large brown dog is sticking his face in the sprinkler .
A child poses wearing glasses near water outside .
A little boy is having fun sweeping the leaves of the deck .
A man is bowling alone with a green ball .
People are on stage playing music to a group of people .
An elderly man takes his dog for a walk near the water .
The man is driving a small red race car around a track .
A group of children dance and play instruments under colored lights .
A boy in a blue shirt throwing a rock into water .
Two woman , one of which is cleaning her knife , are talking in the kitchen .
An elaborate costumed figure is in front of a brightly decorated structure .
A dog drags a white rag through an almost-dried up creek .
Three dogs looking at a cement ledge .
Two paddlers propel a canoe down a tree-lined stream .
Two girls wearing goth trendy clothing while one looks back at the camera .
A group of kids sitting in the back of a van together looking at a book .
People on the sand looking up at a white heart drawn by a jet in the blue sky .
A woman is sitting in a chair reading a book with her head resting on her free hand .
A man in a flame-themed shirt is looking at barbecue tools .
A man in a suit and glass has an object in his hands .
A man in a wetsuit catches a wave on his white surfboard .
A woman in a blue blouse is handling a pink purse .
Three older Asian women are sitting on the ground .
A red airplane is flying by a large ship .
a young man wearing a white helmet climbing up a rock wall
A bored looking construction worker is holding a drink .
this Man , with a Red & White Shirt has Water Bottles on this White Truck .
A woman in a blue hat and yellow skirt is jumping in an area with lilacs .
A man is wearing a gold outfit while standing with his gold bike .
Baby looking at the leaves on a branch of a tree .
Two men are in a subway station getting ready to mop .
Two little black boys are playing with plastic bottles and having a lot of fun .
Motorcycles are parked behind a fence on a crowded street .
Two people are climbing a rock wall with a rope .
A man is fishing in the ocean with a large woman walking to the left .
a child is doing a back flip whilst jumping on a trampoline .
a group of kids riding on the giant swing ride
Three people playing with a large ball that looks like a globe .
Two soldiers are playing baseball and touching the base .
A girl with blue hair is pushing a coffee cart .
A police officers on a motorcycle pulls up behind a silver sedan .
The man is looking out over a placid lake .
A Celtic marching bands performs on field during a soccer match .
A man in a leather coat is walking down a brick sidewalk next to a woman wearing a colorful blue dress .
A firefighter sprays piles of burning debris with a hose .
A woman with a purple shirt painting another woman on a wall .
Two children in their pajamas one has a mask and hairnet like a surgical nurse and is standing over the older child who is laying down on the wood floor .
A woman and a girl are sitting on a tile floor behind a wooden rack for weaving .
Woman wearing black snow gear walking down a snow covered slope .
A man standing in a truck next to a big green metal box and two men standing below him .
A brown dog with a black collar stands next to a bush .
A brown and white dog running off of an obstacle .
A young Tibetan boy sitting at a low table with a book .
A man in camouflage pants sits next to machinery .
A young child and a woman are standing around a caged rooster .
At Halloween , this little spiderman waits to get some candy .
The man is playing with his Star Wars light sword .
A woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background .
Two people are kneeling in two holes next to a couple of pails .
White lounge chairs are lined up at a resort for sunbathers .
Some men are sitting on a boat near a beach covered in stacked logs and sticks .
A dark-haired boy carrying a large black trash bag over his shoulder .
A man stands in a kitchen , flipping a crepe on a frying pan .
Two jazz musicians are wearing yellow suits and performing on stage .
Several people are standing near trees at dusk .
A dark brown dog is chewing on a stick .
A man in a green hat standing on a slope in front of a mountain .
A group of children play in the water under a bridge .
A woman in white with her arms folded smiling as a man is laughing holding cotton candy .
Two women are teaching in front of a classroom of young children .
Two brunette women talking to a classroom full of blond children .
The man has a poof on top of his woolen hat .
Some were in a city with tall buildings and people .
An old man is holding up one dog while his other dog climbs on his lap .
Three children watch a man on stage playing guitar .
Children in yellow and orange pinnies gather in a group .
There is a jeep stuck in mud up to the doors .
A person wearing a hat takes a picture while its snowing .
a man with beard sitting down playing an acoustic guitar .
A white dog standing in a pool of water high in the mountains .
A young Asian woman is jumping midair in a crowded city part .
Three musicians standing on a stage
Four people are holding signs of protest while cars pass behind them .
A man grilling outside his house .
A man in a red baseball cap is leaning against a light pole .
A young boy in a yellow shirt is playing outside on monkey bars .
A smiling girl , wearing a red top , sits in front of her fruit plate .
Two girls and a boy are walking across an intersection .
a black and white dog playing in the snow together
A little redheaded girl wears a Spider-Man suit while riding a play horse .
A man is riding in a boat on the water .
two people ski in the mountains .
A person is jumping of a short mound in an arid setting while being filmed while another person is talking on their cellphone .
Several people swim in a body of water .
Four girls in bathing suit type uniforms are pictured playing volleyball outdoors .
Man with older woman , seated at table in sunny , crowded area .
Mother with two boys , one acting goofy and the other giving her a kiss .
a yellow dog swimming in the water with something red in his mouth
A car being prepared for a photo shoot .
A crowd of individuals on the beach listening to a man .
little boy in Cami crawling on brown floor
A young girl is donating money to a Salvation Army collection woman .
a dog runs in the water with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A man in a red shirt is standing with two fitls in front of an old structure .
A man and a woman are sitting at a table talking .
A band plays at a venue along the water .
Two elderly woman are talking at a gathering .
A girl in a pink shirt is teaching a young man in a striped sweater how to knit .
A child sitting on a rock formation .
A man wearing all black and holding a green can roasts a large hotdog on a stick .
A police officer in his uniform wearing an ear piece .
There is a man in fireman 's gear crossing the road near a white bus and a red semi .
A dog is being hit by a small wave in the ocean .
A six piece band performs on stage .
There are 3 people playing musical instrument and one other person looks like she is singing .
A woman plays a synthesizer in a dark room .
little kid with yellow jacket and blue hat jumping off rock
The girl in a black shirt is reading a greeting card that was given to her by a friend of hers .
There are construction workers working hard on a project .
A man is shaving while sitting on the beach in front of the ocean .
A woman in a blue shirt unwraps a gift of a green hat .
Two men talk to each other behind an organ while a lone woman stands to their right .
A man with brown hair talks on a microphone .
A bellhop is pushing luggage around inside a hotel .
A black , brown , and tan dog jumps at the camera .
A man in a hat is covered in concert silly string .
Three dogs playing in the snow .
Young adults talking under a tree on a sunny day .
A dog jumps to catch a ball in a large field .
An older lady in a gray and red sweater is cooking on a meal .
A young man is wearing a blue outfit and gray coat .
A female soccer player gives a teammate a piggyback ride .
A blond little boy , wearing a robe and playing with a sword .
A long-haired man wearing a gray hoodie skateboards above some graffiti .
A man in black rolling a round table across a floor .
A group of people are in a boat on a large body of water .
Black male wearing yellow shirt doing a reading with his equipment .
A woman throwing a white trash-bag into a dumpster in front of a car .
A lady in red and black grins at the camera at a costume party .
A man rides large waves on a wind sail .
Asian men in athletic uniforms riding the bus .
The truck appears to be stuck in the mud .
Two football players bang into each other during a football game .
A football player in red and white is talking to a coach .
Two young girls appear to be at attention during the national anthem .
A team manager out on the football field during a game .
A football player is in a red and white uniform Sooners # 28 .
The person is doing a handstand on the beach .
Two couples stop to take a photo .
A man holding and kissing a crying little boy on the cheek .
Five people are playing various instruments in a band .
Three young girls and a baby are sitting in the grass on a blue blanket with baby toys scattered on it .
A old man and a young boy are sitting at a table dressed in cultural garb .
a man in sunglasses is holding a child at the top of a slide
A large dog running on grass with a tennis ball in his mouth .
Four women play soccer , two wearing all white and two wearing red , white and blue .
two men go toe to toe in a martial arts competition .
A girl wearing a red striped shirt is about to throw a soccer ball onto a field .
A man sitting and holding something with his hands at a table .
The dog is playing with the stick on the beach .
A person rowing in their boat in the water .
there is n't a lot of action just a guy at a hotdog stand on normal day .
A man is kneeling next to a tripod and a feild of tulips .
Two older gentlemen are interacting with one another .
A man , a boy and a dog heading down to the ocean .
A man crouches in the shadow of a deflating hot air balloon .
A man in a white hat is looking at the camera .
A female getting a face tattoo of black lines and glitter .
A woman is watching a child while he sits on tires .
People are standing on a sidewalk .
A group of people walking through a park with signs .
A woman helps a little girl scrawl something on a heavily-marked banner .
Little children are walking in a line holding each others shirts .
Rodeo rider in cowboy clothing being bucked while riding a horse .
A bride and groom kissing in front of a group of people .
Two emergency response unit workers are examining train tracks .
A subways worker checks the rail in a tunnel .
Three men in orange construction vests are working in a building .
Five mariachis playing on the street .
A group of men work around a set of railroad tracks with heavy equipment .
Young adults dressed casually walk around in a field .
A brown dog splashing through water .
A man and woman walk across an empty street .
Worker being lifted up in a cherry picker to perform work during cold weather .
Two kids in yellow raincoats are playing in the mud .
A group of people riding a roller coaster upside down .
A woman and child are sitting in a chair .
A group of people stand in a line on the concrete tiles .
An woman in a red swim cap and black goggles swims laps in her lane .
Boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment .
A little girl stands in a puddle of water in the middle of the street .
A red-haired child is eating something .
Four young adults are working on an upside down bicycle in a park .
a long brown-haired dog walking through a river .
A dog running across a field with a ball in its mouth .
A group of people waiting outside a fenced in area .
a child in a red shirt hangs upside down from a tree branch
Two people are paying to play a basketball carnival game .
A smiling child in a bright orange and blue shirt sitting among peers .
Two young boys are outside talking and are n't wearing shirts .
a man in a red jacket stands next to a yellow kayak on rocks by the ocean .
Groups of people are walking out a short dark tunnel .
A blond girl is sitting at a bar in the presence of three other men .
A little blond boy jumps from one bed to another .
A little boy holds a bat in the air waiting on the ball .
A man standing in front of Dale Jr. posters with red light
Two housewives are chatting next to a small child .
A woman in a blue shirt is playing an instrument .
people gather in a chinese street corner at night in the city
Man with sunglasses sitting in shallow water .
A woman watches as a man in a white shirt and pants ties something around a wooden stump .
Four teenagers in Gothic clothes are walking in a neighborhood .
4 people are strapped to an amusement park ride
a guy with no shirt on is skateboarding .
A man builds an elaborate sand castle on the beach .
Two brown dogs run through the grass together .
Men with their hands raised are wearing karate uniforms .
A woman thows a Frisbee to a dog as a baseball player in uniform runs behind her .
A black dog is carrying a white dog toy through a field of high grass .
A lot of men and motorcycles float on a canoe .
A large column of bicyclists is cycling down a road .
Artist showing off his work of women 's faces and hair .
Man in black hat and woman in pink dress walk down city street outside a bar .
A man in a white t-shirt painting in the middle of a stone paved road .
A dog looking up a tree with his tongue hanging out .
A man in blue and red face paint poses for a picture with a woman .
Two young boys play marbles at the bottom of a stairwell .
Two men sit in the backseat of a car and one is looking back at the camera pointing .
A little boy on a swing .
A shirtless man has his arms wide open near a waterfall .
Person with a red backpackers going for a hike .
An Asian man sitting in a boat with a wide variety of fruit around him .
a mass of people looking and moving in the same general direction .
Three women wearing robes and hats stand in a street with a yellow dog .
A man in a white and blue shirt is making a kabob .
Girl wearing a pink wig standing on the shore of a beach .
A man looking back at a blond woman smoking in the street .
A man holding a shovel above his head is posing in front of a campfire .
A man sticking his tongue at a woman close to her face .
Two children in coats walking in a park
The young girl is given rabbit ears by the young boy behind her .
A baby wears a fleece , magenta outfit while she lays in the leaves .
A girl with red-hair and red eyebrows appears to be in mid-speach .
A man in a green top and gloves trots across a ball field .
A dog with a bandanna jumps through hoop .
A group of children are sitting cross-legged in a classroom .
A sailor stands at the entrance of a historical wooden shop talking to two men .
A large yellow dog leaps into the air to catch his Frisbee .
A man falling asleep while sitting down .
Black dog jumping out of the water with a stick in his mouth .
Two dogs run on either side of a road opposite from one another .
People outside talking near a beach with a small girl .
A small group of people with their camels are resting outside of a small village .
Four dogs are playing in a circle and one black dog is walking away .
A uniformed member of the U.S. military speaks into a microphone .
Two women standing in front of a car with a camera crew near them .
An swimmer swimming in a swimming pool .
A woman in a white outfit is lying on a coach , reading a book .
A group of people are getting together for some fun and dancing .
Slanted picture of girl blowing bubbles .
A group of 9 dark-haired children are standing in a field .
The boy wearing a red sweatshirt is jumping off a pile of hay .
A boy jumping a rail on his skateboard .
A man reaches up to work with cables above a desk .
Baby Asian child eating food while wearing a red flowery bib .
Two girls and two boys are walking down a road with backpacks on their backs .
A man with dreadlocks is plugging his ear to hear a phone call .
Two men work with machinery in a factory wearing plastic aprons and gloves .
A dog in a grassy field , looking up .
A woman and a boy playing a board game at a table .
The four young men are sitting on the low wall .
A dog is running through a backyard full of leaves .
A man standing in front of a building on the phone as two men to the side pain on the side .
A group of people in an office contemplating .
A young woman with multicolored hair and red glasses adjust some handheld device while another young woman looks on .
A blond lady flipping the bird to the camera .
The white and brown dog runs across the grass .
Young women reading a book in a classroom with a Puka shell necklace .
A woman and a girl are playing in a field of leaves
A woman in a white dress fixes a man 's suit while holding a bouquet of flowers .
The woman is placing an orange rose as a boutonniere on the man 's suit jacket collar .
Two women are pushing strollers on a leaf covered walkway .
Four women dressed up in funny costumes .
The lady with the cane is sitting on a bench .
Two bikini clad girls playing volleyball at the beach .
A man and young girl are swimming in a pool together .
Three kids wearing brown shirts and jeans jumping outdoors with leaves on the ground .
A curling competitor lines up her next shot .
A man walking down the road with a bunch of bags
A child near a blue stage with a colorful creature on it .
A guy in a tan , long-sleeve tee poses for a picture .
A small boy is standing next to a table in a classroom .
A man is riding a red windsurfer .
Several children are standing in a house looking out the window .
A salt-and-pepper-haired man with beard and glasses wearing black sits on the grass .
A young girl practices gymnastics while two younger kids play in the background .
A man with his back to the camera walks across a barricaded street .
A guy is doing a bike trick in a park .
A man in a brightly-colored ski jacket stands with others on a European street .
A woman outside on a street wearing a yellow shirt and sunglasses .
Two young girls look out to a town below them .
Two large dogs frolic in a grassy field .
Women in colorful costumes dance in the street in front of a McDonalds .
A group of people eating at a restaurant .
One woman with a black top and luggage is placing her hand on her neck while traveling up an escalator .
A group of people including children appear to be having a celebration .
The warmly dressed man and woman stand together outside .
Two black dogs jump in the snow .
A small dog jumping on a street .
A man is playing a guitar with a microphone right behind him .
Indian man in an orange tunic with a cane talking with a local .
A female athlete is serving a volleyball inside a gymnasium .
Two men are standing on the street covered in graffiti .
A boy in a t-shirt and shorts is holding a snowball and facing a snowy mountain .
A person surfs on a craft with a sail .
There are two people in military uniforms on horseback riding in a public area .
A dog is playing in the deep snow .
a large group of people posing together outside of a house .
Big brown and white spotted dog laying on a jacket on the street .
two girls hold up a card reading " know what this is " ?
Two people are shedding down a ski slope with a mountains in the background
A man in a black shirt is cooking out of a cookbook in a cluttered kitchen .
Woman in a white shirt plays a black guitar .
One person is on a ski lift while another snowboards .
A group of young people stand and eat off of paper plates .
A man is playing a musical instrument outside on the sidewalk .
A guy is grinding on a window ledge in a city .
A young lady is hula-hooping with a crowd of onlookers in the middle ground .
A old man talking into a mike held by another old man .
Two men in magenta costumes performing .
A young child rides a motorbike through the mud .
A child wearing a toboggan is running on a cobblestone plaza .
A girl is sitting on an adult 's shoulders at an outdoor event .
Two old men in hats doze in the sun outside .
Two kids underneath a sheet playing with a white dog .
The woman is holding the harness that the brown and white dog is wearing .
Two men stand behind a table with electronics on it .
A woman falls asleep on the bus on her way home from shopping .
A man in a beanie doing a bike trick .
Two people on the beach reading a magazine .
Two men face each other in front of purple graffiti .
A person in a red shirt and black pants rock climbing .
A man in a dark shirt and pants riding a tall bicycle .
Two brown dogs sniff in the grass .
A person in a long orange coat walks along a sets of stairs .
A native woman smoking a pipe makes textile barefoot .
Two men with joyous looks on their faces are leaping into the air .
A man with glasses reads off a paper into the microphone in a red-lit room .
A girl playing in a ball pit with a red ball to her mouth held by her left hand .
a man with a tattoo on his arm cooking something in a frying pan .
Four musicians perform their act in the spotlight .
A group of young Asian men walking in a marathon .
A bizarrely dressed child pulls luggage through the market .
three dogs race through the snow
A white crane flies over water .
A group of parents are sitting at an outdoor assembly .
A yellow car drives quickly in the snow .
A group of kids sat around and played their instruments .
group of adults sitting around table listening to presentation
A woman dressed in a green shirt reads off of a projector to her class .
Young people in uniform are playing in a rugby game .
Catcher crouches behind baseball hitter .
A woman and two boys looking at an information station .
A group of people running for charity .
Two women standing in the snow talking and observing the surroundings
There is a group of people standing around , looking like they are waiting for something .
A small child in a blue hat and coat skis on the snow .
Two young girls dressed in pink pajamas sit on the floor in front of large windows playing house .
Children riding on a camel by a body of water .
a bunch of people drinking at a bar in a club .
The street is crowded with many people with coats on .
A man sits on a colorful man-drawn carriage , while another man stands beside it .
A little brown dog is running on the grass .
A nighttime street scene of a restaurant .
a snowboarder gets air off a jump .
An Asian woman working for UPS packaging , her job .
The lady in the blue shirt is riding a bike across a bridge .
A woman wearing white jumps up to hit the ball during a tennis match .
A young woman practices a string instrument indoors .
A bride and groom are taking pictures while two men stand nearby .
A young lady poses for photo with her dog .
Little boy in red playing with a black guitar .
A woman sitting at a desk staring at a computer screen .
Three people gathered around the living room at Christmas time .
A fluffy brown dog jumping with a ball in his mouth .
A man wearing blue pants is riding a bucking bull .
a group of young naked children showering outside
A tan and white dog jumps up with a yellow ball in its mouth .
A group of fans at an event , holding up large , blue letters .
The tennis player is wearing a yellow and blue shirt and a blue headband .
Two girls in jean dresses laugh and play .
Some girls dance while waving gauzey fabric .
Two people are running at the top of a mountain .
A group of women dances Bali style in colorful outfits and makeup .
a boy doing a jump on his bike in the woods
People are walking and waiting by a white fence in town .
The woman is holding a camera and standing on a brick wall .
A young woman wearing a yellow shirt and white shorts throws a boomerang in a brush environment .
One man is riding his motorcycle in a desert .
A young girl sits in a black bucket of water holding a stick with a white object that it is puncturing .
Two white dogs playing in the house near a computer monitor .
A toddler boy with a pacifier and a red shirt plays with a garden hose .
A man on a bike jumping on a bike ramp .
A man in a black jacket picking something up from a table .
The man in the blue shirt is walking with the man in red .
A woman dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree .
A girl wearing a bike helmet is walking across a mossy tree branch over water .
Black dog jumping bar in obstacle course
A boy in a blue , playing soccer , about to kick the ball .
a crowd of people assemble for a cycling event .
A guy is running away from a black bull .
A child laughs as he plays with a large bird .
A little white dog in running on the sidewalk .
Two children stick their head in holes of cardboard scenery .
The shadow of two men operating a large crane .
A black dog looks through the fence at another dog .
Asian people standing on the street waiting for a bus .
A Jack Russell Terrier jumps into a stream .
A long-haired person , with a tan coat and hat , takes a picture of graffiti on a metal door .
A small girl is standing on the grass holding a large green ball .
An older man in boxing gloves trains .
a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach .
A red-haired woman is holding a violin and boe .
Travelers on a very cold day hiking .
A man performing a trick on a skateboard at a graffiti covered skate park .
Three men in white outfits walk in front of a fundraising tent .
A young girl is blowing dandelions in a field .
A boy in green and yellow dress is learning boxing .
A woman in a vacant lot pointing at something .
A little girl is smiling , while running outside .
A man in a uniform stands next to a girl with purple hair holding a cup .
friends are having a great time .
A couple strolls arm and arm and hand in hand down a city sidewalk .
A man is playing the piano barefoot while another man looks on .
A woman in a white robe is speaking in front of an audience at a banquet .
The car leaves a dust trail as it goes around the dirt track .
A crowd of people mostly wearing dark colors standing in a field .
A fat bald man is sleeping on the shoulder of another fat bald man .
A boy runs toward the soccer ball to kick it .
A bicycler rides his bike on the road next to rocks with snow .
A woman flips her hair full of water and sprays the water all around .
Two rodeo clowns are looking at something in the distance .
A young girl wearing a yellow shirt gives a thumbs up next to a turtle next to a wire fence .
A mountain biker is giong down a hill on his bike .
A single person parachutes through a peaceful sunset .
Woman behind the counter running a shop .
People riding their bikes on a crosswalk to cross the street .
Three musicians in a recording studio .
Two swimmers in a pool play at a net with a water polo ball .
Many people sit at tables outside a tan building that has green shutters .
One child lifts another on his back , inside a room .
A woman using a large camera while standing in the street .
A woman sits with wearing a union jack novelty hat .
A woman applies face paint while a boy with a Mohawk holds a mirror .
Multicultural group of adults at a gathering , one man with tattoos is throwing something .
A man rides a unicycle while holding fire lit batons .
A child in shorts and blue shirt is playing in the sprinkler .
Young children playing on a stoop with a bubble maker .
A man holds a baby while suspended between two buildings .
Woman wearing two gold medals holding up her hands .
two rugby players fighting on the field
Two little girls are eating and making a mess .
A woman is placing a bike helmet on a little girl .
A large crowd is gathered outdoors on a sunny day .
A boy in a purple shirt tosses orange balls on a lawn .
A young girl squishes her face in a smile for the camera .
A man in a white cowboy hat and a red shirt is singing and playing the guitar .
A person wearing a white shirt and beads holding a pole .
In a dance studio , a man and a woman do stretches .
A couple enjoying the high plains with their dogs .
A man doing some type of public show involving fire .
A dark brown dog is running along a fence outside .
A motocross rider is slightly airborne on a competition circuit jump .
A brunette woman does a wheelie on a white bicycle with purple tires .
The black dog jumps above the water towards a Frisbee floating near a boat .
One man in a black jacket and black hat is playing a trumpet .
A snowboarder in green is balancing on a wodden bench .
A man in a blue polo stares into space .
Three businessmen attending a grand opening ceremony .
The small brown and black down is wearing a pink tutu .
This man has balanced his bicycle on a handrail .
A man at the beach holding a pail , standing next to a child .
People on the street are passing by the bar and grill restaurant with the red awning .
A brown dog is jumping around in an outdoor fountain while a man in a black shirt watches .
A man on a boat wearing orange pants holding a rope .
A man wearing a brown and green striped shirt is fishing on a boat .
A man painting a building red with a paintbrush at the end of a stick .
A man is sitting , surrounded by merchandise that is for sale .
A man with a white shirt and a woman with a white shirt are talking on their phones .
An elementary schoolgirls soccer team is practicing on the field .
Woman paints on easel in front of stone wall .
Two cute and well-dressed Asian kids are standing next to a tree .
A group of people are waiting at a bus stop .
A man playing field hockey with his team jumps in the air .
A person hanging from a zip line with a yellow helmet .
a black dog swimming in the water with a tennis ball in his mouth
A car is fully loaded , with passengers and rooftop cargo .
A car with a bathtub on top participating in the Mongol Rally in '09 .
A young man in a blue dress shirt plays the trombone .
A man wearing a red shirt , jeans , and a black cowboy hat is welding on metal bars .
Many people standing by a fountain underneath a blue and white umbrella .
Woman is sewing in order to make a living in her country .
Vendors are selling their wares at an open market .
A group of produce buyers inspecting fresh produce .
A man is sitting at a desk behind glass .
A man in a red hoodie with a white apron stands in front of a mural .
A man is sitting at a desk in front of four lit computer monitors .
A man and a woman are biking on a sunny day .
A female Asian toddler in shorts and sandals carrying a pillowcase .
A person is waiting for the sailboat to reach the shore .
Young people playing a music based video game .
A man sitting in the middle of branches on a fallen tree .
Two men fishing in the water by the boat and two women sitting on buckets on the sand .
An old man dressed in med-evil clothing holds an axe while standing on a hill .
Three people are on the beach kneeling or standing near the water .
A man in a yellow jacket stands in front of a yellow hutch .
A child is reluctantly about to bite into a mushroom .
One woman is smoking and talking to another woman .
A mounted policeman on a dappled horse surveys a crowd .
a black dog digging through the snow .
A person in a hooded shirt is photographing a tree near some mountains and a lake .
Woman with a multicolored beanie while milking animals .
People protesting age discrimination in an organized street rally .
Two girls playing basketball in red and white uniforms .
A young lady in a red and white bikini is doing a cartwheel on the beach .
A man wearing a black sweater vest and a hat plays the bass .
Two ladies are together , one has a glass in her right hand .
A young boy laying on a hospital bed with his leg over the side .
A man is standing and talking to another man who is kneeling over some cables .
Two dogs play with each other on a wood floor .
A man is pouring water on some kind of foreign object .
A man in winter clothing is laying in a pile of snow just outside a doorway .
A little brunette girl squats down to pet a deer laying in sand .
A woman in a red print skirt and black top throwing a green ball with long yellow tassels .
A man being pushed in a wheelchair through a library .
Two black and tan dogs are fighting in snow .
Smiling woman on her hands and knees , cleaning a carpet .
two hockey players ready to start the game with the ref by them about to drop the puck .
People watch a group of runners on the street .
Group of people dancing at a club or party in a costume .
Two children on the back of an elephant with a man holding the reigns off to the side .
A white man in a camouflage t-shirt plays an electric guitar .
The girl in the white dress is paying her bill at the counter .
Swimmers in a lake being watched by a boy sitting on a wall .
maybe a riot in a busy city or maybe a fire from a burning building .
A black dog is digging in the snow .
A group of people are camping out on some rocks .
A customer at the checkout of a grocery store .
A boy getting his hair buzzed off by another boy .
A young black man gets his haircut .
Tourist taken pictures at a building in China .
two guys outside , looks like in a parking lot , one guy is picking up a bike .
Two men with coats on standing behind a bar with bottles on it .
A handful of people are waiting for the subway .
Children are sitting in chairs under some television sets .
A local band performing at a local venue .
A man holds a microphone up to a crowd of people .
woman sitting outside with a cutting board , knife and chopped up yellow food .
A construction worker wearing a black shirt and jeans , sets up his ladder .
A waitress is serving some women at a restaurant .
An elderly man in a black sweatshirt doing cement work .
Caucasian Female , Near a red ball extending right leg in the air .
The man is carving an image in the ice using a small knife .
A man in a blue coat is propelled on his sled by two dogs .
Man in white shirt conducting a orchestra , horns and drums .
Two people playing a game facing each other .
An Asian young woman is working with flower while surrounding by her peers .
A young lady plays the harpsichord while signing into a microphone .
A guy is playing a video game on the computer .
A man is laying on the ground covered in something white .
A man in a thick blue winter jacket shoveling snow in a winter blizzard .
a band wearing dark blue vests and blue and red plaid skirts .
A female figure skater in a red jacket is practicing her moves .
A group of people running a marathon in the winter .
A woman and a boy on stage laughing with a tent in the background .
Group of working man dressed in black and white laugh and talk on a cellphone .
A young little girl in a dress stands and admires a creek .
A woman with dark hair and a brown coat holding a microphone on stage .
A ballet performance featuring a male and female ballerina .
Two women walking down the street , one is pushing a red carriage .
Lynyrd Skynyrd is performing at a concert .
A man and woman sit on a bench , watching a boat go by .
A city street has many signs in Chinese .
A few women are in a room holding drinks .
A group of men playing music for people walking down the street .
A man is holding a cross with a photo of Jesus on it .
Two young Asian children are playing on playground equipment .
A man in glasses and jeans sitting on a doorstep .
People walking on the sidewalk of a large city while traffic goes by .
A crowd is passing by a street vendor in a crowded city .
A woman with curly hair and a green and yellow scarf looks down .
A woman with a yellow scarf looks like she is in a market .
People are sitting along side a building that 's lined with columns .
Two people wearing dark clothes are examining a tiger with instruments .
A boy and a girl in jackets gaze in a clothing store window .
A man points his finger to the path ahead as he sits on the dirt path .
A man and a boy set up a grill on a sunny day .
a woman in a yellow jacket following two other women .
A woman in a jacket with a fur hood is talking on her cellphone .
An Asian man working on the sidewalk in front of a store .
A little girl is peeking from behind a wall .
The donut vendor is making money at the carnival .
A man with green pants sitting with a tray on his lap .
A Black male is beside a building with a sign on the building .
A man in a black knit hat is pointing a finger towards the sky .
Many people shop and sell at busy produce market .
a man and two kids are walking down a street
An older man walks down a city street while reading a newspaper .
A parade is taking place at night in the streets .
A dog leaping to catch a Frisbee in the yard .
A group of people waiting for the subway .
three children are locked in a cage .
A guy wearing a backpack is talking to a girl with a purse next to a church .
An elderly woman with a pink umbrella is walking down the street .
A young boy slides into home plate while playing little league baseball .
Two women wearing airplane uniforms sitting on the edge of the road .
Two men are sitting on concrete slabs in a park .
A man in a blue shirt holds up a protest sign .
A woman in green and black walking down the street beside a man .
Two citizens await the U7 train at the Wilmersdorf Strasse station
A group of people gathered around the starting line of a race .
A mother and son walk together while the son carries a flag .
A man holding a sign and a man playing a guitar are speaking in front of a crowd .
A man in a striped shirt is taking a photograph of a woman in a yellow shirt .
A girl in a black jacket sitting on a ledge talking to someone .
A military man holding a camera , showing a child the film on the camera .
A partially balding man pushes a blue easy-chair down the sidewalk .
An older man with bushy eyebrows is speaking into a microphone .
Two men on the street in the daytime standing in front of a graffiti inscribed building .
A young girl in an orange sweater is smiling .
A woman wearing a blue jacket standing in front of a brown fence .
A fit young woman is kickboxing with a red punching bag at a gym .
A man in a sandwich shop is setting bread on his shop window .
A man sits at brightly colored green and blue booth with ads behind him on the street .
Two players struggle to take down a third football player as they tackle him .
A man holds a child on his shoulders as a people walk around him .
A man in an apron standing in front of food beneath a menu .
A lady in a short pink miniskirt stands alone with her arms crossed .
Several performers dressed in white clothing and maroon hats are lined up facing each other .
A woman riding a scooter on a sidewalk in the city .
A woman with a flower in her hair sits by a man in a hat .
A group of people gathered outside at a patio table .
A young child in white cloths is walking in front of many other people .
A woman and four children are crossing a busy street .
Women in costume performing on stage .
A woman looking at a young blond girl with pigtails .
A woman is barbecuing tasty looking food in the park .
A young man is being arrested by some police officers .
a man in a black shirt is singing into a microphone .
Two young men in blue jeans and sneakers cross an urban street .
Two girls play on a tree along with their pet dog .
There is a young woman with a bag smiling in front of a building .
A man and woman are walking down a waterside path toward a suspension bridge .
Three women jog over the surf toward the ocean .
A child drinking juice on the hood of a vintage car .
Two men are looking at the screen of a laptop while one types and one points at the screen .
A group of protesters carrying signs and flags walk down the street .
A guy is on one hand throwing his feet up surrounded by a crowd .
A child is crying out while being held by a woman in a pink shirt .
The image shows the reflection of a man and woman located at a terminal of some sort .
A young man holds a girl as they splash in some water .
The man in the white belt and sunglasses is holding the girl 's hand .
A man in a black jacket and blue jeans is walking outside on the sidewalk .
A guy on the edge of the water dressed in green doing arm pushup
A photographer looks on as a fellow companion snaps a photo .
couple in black possibly about to kiss on street .
A group of people at a J.P. Morgan Corporate Challenge event .
The man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing .
A man in goggles is getting out of a swimming pool .
A female Italian soccer fan stands clad in a jersey and face paint .
A BMXer is getting high air off this ramp in the forest .
The girls look sexy walking in their white shorts and high heels .
A person in a dark top and light pants walks past a white building .
Buff african american man waits for subway at Wall Street station .
Two men sitting outside having a conversation by a Free Advice sign .
A woman along the street in front of a multicolored mod building .
A woman is rollerblading in a skimpy uniform .
A woman walks down the street with a pink purse and earmuffs .
There are many people in a building with some people cooking food .
People standing around looking and eating food .
A brick covered road is outside of a large tan building with a cm studio sign .
A girl with blue dreadlocks is sitting on the side of the road .
A woman offers food to a man in a sports jersey and orange beanie .
A clown making a yellow balloon animal for a woman .
A church worshiper in a blue robe prepares to enter his place of worship .
An Asian woman is wheeling food through a crosswalk .
A person with long blue hair standing behind a large crowd of people .
Several people in bathing suits holding hands at a beach .
A man is playing an instrument , trying to make money with his case open .
Concert goers walking towards a festival .
Two people sitting in an audience , wearing tight nylon suits that cover their heads .
A black and white elderly gentlemen riding an am-track .
a man standing in the door of a laundry mat .
A gray-haired gentleman in a suit is standing in front of a podium .
A man in a white striped shirt is sleeping on a red velvet couch .
5 people in white lab coats are standing over 5 sheep
Two boats speed through the water at excessive speeds as they rush for the finish line .
People are standing outside talking next to a car .
A crowd of people at an outdoor festival .
Girls in the aftermath of a rainstorm continue on their way .
A young girl and a woman stand in white dresses stand against a wall .
A brown-haired girl balancing on one leg with the other up in the air .
A man and woman are walking up a stone staircase , looking at a video camera .
The girl in white shirt is standing next to an interesting window .
A crowd of people surrounding a float carrying men waving a gay pride flag .
An elderly man wearing a tan shirt is sitting next to a tennis court .
Shirtless male skateboarded doing trick at a skate park .
A man wearing headphones walks past a wall with red and purple graffiti .
Two men holding each other hand while walking up the street .
A procession is marching on the street while people are watching .
A motorcycle racer going down a steep , dirt hill .
A woman in yellow with a stroller , and a man in a blue shirt with a backpack are walking on a busy city block .
a guy in a white shirt is sitting between a table and a full suitcase .
Women wearing a blue dress with pink shoes sitting at a table .
A woman walking towards us on a street with a seated man looking on .
A customer examines fruit sold on the curb by a street vendor .
The man in the red shirt is taking a picture of the two people hugging .
Man in hat waves to the camera , surrounded by other people .
A man in a crowd blocking the sun from his eyes so that he can read a sign .
A man and women are sitting on a bench talking to each other outdoors .
Two women in leopard print dresses walk down the street .
A group of girls are playing in a water fountain in the sun .
Three men are raking a path surrounded by trees .
A man in a green shirt and red sunglasses is walking outside .
A boy in a beach wearing a floral short a towel on his upper body and a green hat
A couple and two girls are looking over a clear railing .
A group of people shopping in a fruit and vegetable store .
A tattoo artist working on somebody .
A woman , standing in front of a statue is taking a picture in a different direction .
Several people browse through books at a store with a tile floor .
A man lounges in a hotel room in front of a window with open curtains .
A man off in the distance by a Buddhist temple .
People are watching a man balance a silver ball on his arms .
Two men , one black , one white sitting on a curb .
A boy in a black shirt carries a blue bucket while walking with men dressed in white .
a woman with a bloody umbrella gives a mean look despite her blindfold .
A young caucasian man is holding a little boy of perhaps Hispanic descent in front of a worn building .
A young man sets up pool balls , on a purple felt billiard .
A group of nicely-dressed women are sitting together .
A young woman , scantily dressed and wearing a red bandanna , is dancing barefoot on the sidewalk .
Three children and three adults are outside in the yard of a home and they have a basket sitting on the lawn .
AA woman in a stroller is walking outside pushing a child in a stroller .
A woman is being controlled like a marionette by a guy standing on stilts .
Construction worker in orange vest laying square stone pavers .
An asian woman sitting outside an outdoor market stall .
A man is sleeping in front of a window .
An unusual looking vehicle parked i front of some stores .
A young woman wearing animal print gazes in to a small , handheld device .
A man is sleeping on a bench while others are sitting up on the same bench .
A man in a blue shirt and hat is walking along the beach .
A group of people are on a stone street and waving up at the camera .
An army man and his dog have a cheerful reunion .
A male teenager doing a trick in a skate park on a skateboard .
The chemists give the lost man directions to the bathroom .
A man in goggles and a hat is sitting in the street holding something and wearing white gloves .
Many people walking near tall building and crossing street
A man wearing a gray shirt resting his head on a table .
A woman in a large concrete basin carrying a long instrument
A woman is using her phone wile sitting in a public area .
A woman is a red tank top is riding horse .
A family of four is standing and eating by a harbor .
A young redheaded baby is sitting in a sink playing with the water .
There are five little boys spinning on a merry-go-round .
Man and woman holding signs that promote the taking of pictures .
A woman is sanding a porch with an electric sander .
An old man , sitting on a bench , watching traffic go by .
A lady wearing a red shirt takes a picture near a lake surrounded by rocks .
A man in a flat cap leans against a colorful building .
A man , hand on head , regards a Bank of America advertisement .
Two people are sitting down across the street from advertisements .
An old man with a beard is sitting on a milk crate on the street .
A middle-aged man in biker gear views the classic cars that surround him .
A man wearing a hat is fishing off of a dock .
Man in black takes a nap on a bench in front of a sign reading " Justicia sin Olvido . "
A man riding a bike has a bushel of brush on the back .
Asian teen male in yellow shirt and black shorts stands on roadway .
People walking in front of heavily painted wall .
a mother kneeling down to address her child in a stroller
Two dogs playing with a blue and green ball .
A motorcyclist is sporting a very colorful helmet .
A dog is tied to something with a man in the background .
Woman setting up a produce stand for the night market .
A young blond boy with a giraffe on his shirt is looking at something in an women 's hand .
A man and a woman look at each other passionately as they dance in a studio .
A few children are playing in fountains .
Group of young men posing and holding cans .
People walking up and down on a crowded street in the daytime .
A man on a ten-foot unicycle entertains a crowd of enthralled onlookers .
A man wearing a blue shirt and baseball cap is tied to a pole
A male is waiting for the train to arrive at the platform .
Three guys are seen in the middle of the act of jumping forward in a yard .
A singer doing a stage dive into the crowd .
Four people in scuba outfits and goggles are sitting underwater .
A woman is standing in a very large produce section of a grocery store .
Firefighters are at the scene of a car accident involving two vehicles
Several people in line for checkout at a large store .
2 girls playing volleyball , one striking the ball .
Older gentleman putting a powdery substance in a swimming pool .
Six people are in a gymnasium working on repairing some bicycles .
Two young Asian boys spar with each other .
An Asian woman sits and serves a meal that she has just prepared .
Two men wearing shorts are working on a blue bike .
Two men in casual attire taking a nap from a day of fishing down by the river .
A cheerful boy rides a makeshift sled down a snowy hill .
A man in a suit talks to a woman in a black dress .
An Army drill instructor guiding his platoon in marching formation .
Two youths walk down an inclined street .
A woman enjoys a beverage which was made inside of a large fruit .
The woman is all dressed in blue and standing under a blue sky .
One man in shorts is talking to another man in blue jeans in front of a sink .
A man spoon feeds a baby in a toddler 's seat .
A young man is airborne as he goes over a bike dirt track .
A young baby wearing a pink hat naps on a gray blanket .
Two children on their stomachs lay on the ground under a pipe .
A woman with long red-hair is standing next to a bright red phone booth , talking with a man .
A native woman is working on a craft project .
Two teams of children , one in red and the other in white , are playing soccer .
A sunny day in someones yard focusing on a trampoline with two children inside .
Two black and white dogs in a field of flowers and grass .
A drummer and guitar player play a show in a dark area .
A trio of people are hiking throughout a heavily snowed path .
People are bathing in water , possibly for religious reasons .
Teen girl using landscape binoculars to look for waterfowl .
A little blond girl with a polka dot shirt is giving a stuffed animal a " bath " in a sink .
A shaggy young male with a nose ring brushes his teeth .
A skier in midair , On a snowy day with other skiers in the background .
Three girls wearing gray riding helmets are riding horses one behind another .
A woman wearing a black shirt smiles as she blow dries her hair .
A cook in a Kitchen Carves meat ready to be plated .
Three workers unloading flowers from a large truck .
A female musician plays a keyboard on stage , while her drummer waits behind his set .
Older man showing fish to young child .
A construction worker is attempting to climb a tree .
People are crouched on the ground preparing something in a metal dish .
A man in interesting attire next to rollerskates leans on a wooden gate .
A woman in a sky-blue shirt faces an older man wearing a navy cap .
old man in navy jumpsuit sweeps floor as women in red hijab walks in the other direction .
A man standing and putting dreads in a women 's hair while she stairs off into the distance .
A Construction worker is cleaning the street by the construction site .
A man is in the middle of hitting a red , white and blue volleyball .
A man stands in a mobile food stand , looking out the half-door .
A baseball player in blue is running the bases while a player in red tries to tag him out .
A man in an orange draped outfit raking leaves .
A younger man is putting liquid into a vile .
A man leads two donkeys on a rope while three women clap in the background .
two people , one in blue and the other in white , wrestle while others look on .
The guy and girl are sleeping on the bench .
husband and wife posing for a picture before going camping
A man sitting on a rickshaw waiting for someone to need a ride .
Two woman are sitting at a table working with clay .
A man is running in snowshoes across a snow covered field , with mountains in the background .
A dancer in a red suit is jumping in the air .
A smiling man in a red shirt sits at the wheel of a blue truck .
A bearded man in a heavy jacket sits in a corner with a paper cup .
A skateboarder pulls some tricks at the skating rink on a bright sunny day near the beach .
A person in a straw hat is sitting in weeds .
A small boy is smiling while licking a blue , heart shaped sucker .
There is a man and woman working on a bicycle tire .
A young boy shows his brown and green bead necklace .
A white male is doing black smith work in a black smith building .
The person poses for a picture on a cliff overlooking a valley .
Someone in Asian costume is sitting down and holding a sword .
A young man in a football uniform is kneeling with the football .
Passersby look on at an accident involving an SUV and a bicyclist .
A young boy is in pursuit of the ball during a football match .
A woman wearing glasses and a red shirt jogging .
Two men , one in a blue uniform and one in a red uniform , are boxing .
A group of young adults lay on a hardwood floor in the kitchen .
A standing man holds a microphone in front of a man holding a guitar .
One lady focusing on her rollerskating .
A person in a store opens a door to a freezer .
Two motorcyclist neck-to-neck about to take a turn
One man standing alone on a sidewalk adjusting his hat .
Two men , one of which has two prosthetic legs , are walking on pavement .
Seven people playing soccer on a field .
Two people , one dressed as a nun and the other in a roger smith t-shirt , running in a foot race past onlookers in a wooded area .
Three jockeys mounted on horses ride in race .
Young man performing a skateboard trick on a sidewalk in a city .
A person wearing a white hoodie gazes across the water at the Washington Monument during dusk .
Springboard and high dive practice in a building with a colorful mural in the background .
A young indian boy sitting down thinking about his future .
A man throwing an object into a pool of water .
A man in white is smiling and holding something in his hand .
Muay thai fighters competing in a ring .
Young football players are enthusiastically enjoying their sport .
Woman expressively playing an electric guitar in front of a microphone .
An intense karate scene between two young boys .
These young people appear to be singing and doing some dance steps outdoors .
Schoolgirls in uniforms march in a parade while playing flute-like instruments .
A man is getting ready to stuff a turkey .
A child does a karate kick and jumps from a red couch .
A baby in a bouncy seat and a standing boy surrounded by toys .
A family sits around at Christmas time , some playing Jenga while others play with children .
I see a bearded man and elderly lady sharing a bowl of food .
A young man is skateboarding in an area which looks like it needs repairs .
Rowboat being paddled on calm water into the sunset .
Two men wearing martial arts clothing are practicing martial arts .
The boy band " One Direction " performing one of their hit songs .
Eight drag racers are racing around a curvy course with helmets on and there is a line of trees at the edge of the course .
A guy that has skis on that found a melting snowman as he skiing
A man in a dark shirt and orange lanyard speaking to an audience .
A football player sits on a counter as a type of official looks down at his knee .
A tattooed man wearing overalls on a stage holding a microphone .
A small girl holding a green wire to a battery while standing at a table .
Man wearing blue helmet merges into traffic on a bicycle .
There is a line of computers in a row and each one is occupied by a man .
A boy with a cap and a blue tee is joggling three balls .
A woman and girl dressed up in beautiful dresses walking down the sidewalk .
A man is on a small boat with his hand on the boat 's motor .
There is a tennis match being played at night in this stadium .
A snowboarder uses a well worn path in the woods .
An adult soccer game , soccer players chasing after the ball during a live game .
Muslim girl in a school yard stands with her hands on her hips and glares at the camera
A woman is taking a picture of a little boy brushing his teeth in a bathroom .
A black man in a wheelchair being pushed along an outdoor pathway carrying the Olympic torch .
A man standing in church with an older couple .
Three men are racing and jumping hurdles .
Three men looking out the door towards an area secured with Caution tape .
A man in combat fatigues surveys the scene using binoculars .
The young runners are racing through the snow .
An African American man is jumping in the air , while a boy claps .
A young boy and girl are laughing together as the girl holds up a hand sign .
Two guys one in a red uniform and one in a blue uniform playing soccer .
A BMX biker performing a trick as he flies through the air .
Two young blond women , wearing both gloves and headgear , fight in a boxing ring .
Two motorcycle riders are leaning deep into a curve on a racetrack .
The man in a red shirt just got a rebound in a basketball game .
A man riding a horse and jumping over a hurdle in a ring .
Three men in Renaissance-style clothing are playing instruments .
A man and woman look through CD 's at a street vendor .
Three people are seen manning a sailboat in a body of water .
A military section of a parade is marching with many different flags .
A man in a black shirt is showing a broken glass .
One man on stage , playing a guitar with lights in the background .
Four black children smiling and eating their lunch on the ground .
6 male construction workers standing by a large equipment vehicle .
A man in a tall red hat is riding on a green tractor and waving to spectators .
Three dogs play together in the water .
The man with the big drum is marching next to a boy with a small drum .
A group of girls playing a game on horseback .
A young woman smiles as she shoots a gun at an indoor target range , as an older man looks on mirthlessly .
A German man leads a street bike race followed closely by competitors .
A soccer team wearing light blue gets in a huddle during a match .
A group of people in uniform dress are walking around outside of the Olympics .
A grouchy looking man plays an instrument in the outdoors .
on a gorges sunny day , young man doing a trick on a BMX bike .
The woman on the left is having her picture taken with another woman who is wearing a tall pink hat .
A little boy with a drill , making a hole in a wood plank .
Two cyclists riding in a line while number two is ahead of number three .
a female throws a frisbee while another attempts to block her toss .
A woman is having a dental procedure performed by two men in military attire .
Three people in sunglasses are sitting down and eating or drinking .
Two bicyclists ride down the street past people while talking .
A man starts walking towards a bowling lane , appearing to be winding up for a bowl .
One Asian man in glasses is making the peace sign while the other is making a heart with his arms .
Two men , one black and one white , play their guitars and sing into microphones as they stand outdoors .
Man in a white shirt kneeing a man in a black shirt in the face .
Three runners race past at a track meet .
Two football teams are playing on a football field with the NFL logo .
A Middle Eastern group is praying before a table filled with vegetables .
Two Indian Girls In Colorful Outfits Are Dancing , In a Duet .
Three children standing near each other and next to a tall blue wooden post .
Several women in racing singlets run in a pack .
Two surfers preparing to enter the water for a competition .
A young boy sits on a rock overlooking a scenic view of mountains .
A woman is standing on a rock overlooking a river .
A brunette woman is standing on the sidewalk looking down the road .
Two men in white shirts and another person are talking .
Two asian students are doing work at a chalkboard
A child playing with a sword at the bottom of the stairs .
Field workers are working in a rice paddy .
At some sort of carnival , a man is making cotton candy .
Mass of police gathered in one area next to a bus labeled command post .
A woman with white hair is observing something while sitting at a desk .
Two men are standing at telephone booths outside .
two women wearing red and a man coming out of a port-a-potty .
